Paranoia is heightened awareness.
"Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception."
		-- The mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989
	Youth is not a time of life, it is a state of mind; it is a temper of
the will, a quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions, a predominance
of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over love of ease.
	Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years; people grow
old only by deserting their ideals.  Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up
enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.  Worry, doubt, self-distrust, fear, and despair
-- these are the long, long years that bow the head and turn the growing spirit
back to dust.
	Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart the love
of wonder, the sweet amazement at the stars and the starlike things and
thoughts, the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike appetite
for what next, and the joy and the game of life.
	You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young as your
self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as old as your
despair.
	So long as your heart receives messages of beauty, cheer, courage,
grandeur and power from the earth, from man, and from the Infinite, so long
you are young.
		-- Samuel Ullman
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.	"Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
All mimsy were the borogroves		The jaws that bite, the claws
And the mome raths outgrabe.			that catch!
					Beware the Jubjub bird,
He took his vorpal sword in hand	And shun the frumious Bandersnatch!"
Long time the manxome foe he sought.
So rested he by the tumtum tree		And as in uffish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberwock, with eyes aflame
					Came whuffling through the tulgey wood
One! Two! One! Two!  And through and	And burbled as it came!
	through
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack.	"Hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
He left it dead, and took its head,	Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
And went galumphing back.		Oh frabjous day!  Calooh!  Callay!"
					He chortled in his joy.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.
All mimsy were the borogroves
And the mome raths outgrabe.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Jabberwocky"
Eat drink and be merry!  Tommorrow you may be in Utah.
All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard,
ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
		-- Kingfish
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a terminal until the drops
of blood form on your forehead.
broad-mindedness, n:
	The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
You can fool some of the people all of the time,
and all of the people some of the time,
but you can never fool your Mom.
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
		-- James H. Boren
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
		-- Mark Twain
Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.
Klein bottle for rent -- inquire within.
When the leaders speak of peace
The common folk know
That war is coming
When the leaders curse war
The mobilization order is already written out.

Every day, to earn my daily bread
I go to the market where lies are bought
Hopefully
I take my place among the sellers.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Hollywood"
Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a woman giving birth
to a child.  She must be found and stopped.
		-- Sam Levenson
You have only to mumble a few words in church to get married and few words
in your sleep to get divorced.
Your good nature will bring unbounded happiness.
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
		-- Groucho Marx's last words
QOTD:
	"I'm not really for apathy, but I'm not against it either..."
There is a certain frame of mind to which a cemetery is, if not an antidote,
at least an alleviation.  If you are in a fit of the blues, go nowhere else.
	--Robert Louis Stevenson: Immortelles
How doth the little crocodile
	Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
	On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
	How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
	With gently smiling jaws!
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Alice in Wonderland"
Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana. - Jessie in the movie "Greaser's Palace"
Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're alive.
		-- John Sloan
"You are old," said the youth, "and your programs don't run,
	And there isn't one language you like;
Yet of useful suggestions for help you have none --
	Have you thought about taking a hike?"

"Since I never write programs," his father replied,
	"Every language looks equally bad;
Yet the people keep paying to read all my books
	And don't realize that they've been had."
I did this 'cause Linux gives me a woody.  It doesn't generate revenue.
(Dave '-ddt->` Taylor, announcing DOOM for Linux)
Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
		-- Edouard Le Berquier, "Pensees des Autres"
"Bureaucracy is the enemy of innovation."
-- Mark Shepherd, former President and CEO of Texas Instruments
A good man always knows his limitations.
		-- Harry Callahan
A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem.
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, "The Mythical Man Month"
"I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very
reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment."
		-- Gotama Buddha
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Live never to be ashamed if anything you do or say is
published around the world -- even if what is published is not true.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's;
I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
		-- William Blake, "Jerusalem"
Please keep your hands off the secretary's reproducing equipment.
For every bloke who makes his mark, there's half a dozen waiting to rub it out.
		-- Andy Capp
Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!
What is algebra, exactly?  Is it one of those three-cornered things?
		-- J.M. Barrie
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened
or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I
cannot remember any but the things that never happened.  It is sad to
go to pieces like this but we all have to do it.
		-- Mark Twain
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion
that makes horse-races.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Keep a diary and one day it'll keep you.
		-- Mae West
Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple
of more feet, just to be sure.
		-- Eric Allman

... We make rope.
		-- Rob Gingell on Sun Microsystem's new virtual memory.
In Greene, New York, it is illegal to eat peanuts and walk backwards on
the sidewalks when a concert is on.
"...Local prohibitions cannot block advances in military and commercial
 technology... Democratic movements for local restraint can only restrain
 the world's democracies, not the world as a whole."
-- K. Eric Drexler
How's it going in those MODULAR LOVE UNITS??
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.
"Let me guess, Ed.  Pentescostal, right?"
-- Starcap'n Ra, ra@asuvax.asu.edu

"Nope.  Charismatic (I think - I've given up on what all those pesky labels
 mean)."
-- Ed Carp, erc@unisec.usi.com

"Same difference - all zeal and feel, averaging less than one working brain 
cell per congregation. Starcap'n Ra, you pegged him.  Good work!"
-- Kenn Barry, barry@eos.UUCP
"Mind if I smoke?"
	"I don't care if you burst into flames and die!"
The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
		-- Alexandre Arnoux, "Etudes et caprices"
They call them "squares" because it's the most complicated shape they can
deal with.
The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart's.
		-- Polish proverb
Q:	What's a light-year?
A:	One-third less calories than a regular year.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
		-- Bertolt Brecht
To use violence is to already be defeated.
		-- Chinese proverb
When in doubt, lead trump.
	The Advertising Agency Song
 
	When your client's hopping mad,
	Put his picture in the ad.
	If he still should prove refractory,
	Add a picture of his factory.
There has also been some work to allow the interesting use of macro names.
For example, if you wanted all of your "creat()" calls to include read
permissions for everyone, you could say

	#define creat(file, mode)	creat(file, mode | 0444)

	I would recommend against this kind of thing in general, since it
hides the changed semantics of "creat()" in a macro, potentially far away
from its uses.
	To allow this use of macros, the preprocessor uses a process that
is worth describing, if for no other reason than that we get to use one of
the more amusing terms introduced into the C lexicon.  While a macro is
being expanded, it is temporarily undefined, and any recurrence of the macro
name is "painted blue" -- I kid you not, this is the official terminology
-- so that in future scans of the text the macro will not be expanded
recursively.  (I do not know why the color blue was chosen; I'm sure it
was the result of a long debate, spread over several meetings.)
		-- From Ken Arnold's "C Advisor" column in Unix Review
What's another word for "thesaurus"?
		-- Steven Wright
If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women
you've got in the house.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
The Ruffed Pandanga of Borneo and Rotherham spreads out his feathers in
his courtship dance and imitates Winston Churchill and Tommy Cooper on
one leg.  The padanga is dying out because the female padanga doesn't
take it too seriously.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
Everything you know is wrong!
Power is poison.
Dime is money.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
Uncertain fortune is thoroughly mastered by the equity of the calculation.
- Blaise Pascal
The cost of feathers has risen, even down is up!
You humans are all alike.
A book is the work of a mind, doing its work in the way that a mind deems
best.  That's dangerous.  Is the work of some mere individual mind likely to
serve the aims of collectively accepted compromises, which are known in the
schools as 'standards'?  Any mind that would audaciously put itself forth to
work all alone is surely a bad example for the students, and probably, if
not downright antisocial, at least a little off-center, self-indulgent,
elitist.  ... It's just good pedagogy, therefore, to stay away from such
stuff, and use instead, if film-strips and rap-sessions must be
supplemented, 'texts,' selected, or prepared, or adapted, by real
professionals.  Those texts are called 'reading material.'  They are the
academic equivalent of the 'listening material' that fills waiting-rooms,
and the 'eating material' that you can buy in thousands of convenient eating
resource centers along the roads.
		-- The Underground Grammarian
When the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.
  I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of
     its situation.
	Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.  He
	loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to
	look down.  At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per
	second per second takes over.
 II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter
     intervenes suddenly.
	Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon
	characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone
	pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely.
	Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the
	stooge's surcease.
III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation
     conforming to its perimeter.
	Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the
	speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless
	cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through
	the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole.  The
	threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980
What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
		-- John Lubbock
	One fine day, the bus driver went to the bus garage, started his bus,
and drove off along the route.  No problems for the first few stops -- a few
people got on, a few got off, and things went generally well.  At the next
stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on.  Six feet eight, built like a
wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground.  He glared at the driver and said,
"Big John doesn't pay!" and sat down at the back.
	Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically
meek?  Well, he was.  Naturally, he didn't argue with Big John, but he wasn't
happy about it.  Well, the next day the same thing happened -- Big John got on
again, made a show of refusing to pay, and sat down.  And the next day, and the
one after that, and so forth.  This grated on the bus driver, who started
losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.  Finally he
could stand it no longer. He signed up for bodybuilding courses, karate, judo,
and all that good stuff.  By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong;
what's more, he felt really good about himself.
	So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus
and said "Big John doesn't pay!," the driver stood up, glared back at the
passenger, and screamed, "And why not?"
	With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, "Big John has a
bus pass."
QOTD:
	"If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it."
Never let someone who says it cannot be done interrupt the person who is
doing it.
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one,
an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
- Edmund Burke
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
		-- Confucius
Ocean:  A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man --
who has no gills.
-- Ambrose Bierce
	The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it.  The average
programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it.  The foolish programmer
is told about the Tao and laughs at it.  If it were not for laughter, there
would be no Tao.
	The highest sounds are the hardest to hear.  Going forward is a way to
retreat.  Greater talent shows itself late in life.  Even a perfect program
still has bugs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
It is inconceivable that a judicious observer from another solar system
would see in our species -- which has tended to be cruel, destructive,
wasteful, and irrational -- the crown and apex of cosmic evolution.
Viewing us as the culmination of *anything* is grotesque; viewing us
as a transitional species makes more sense -- and gives us more hope.
- Betty McCollister, "Our Transitional Species", 
  Free Inquiry magazine, Vol. 8, No. 1
1.79 x 10^12 furlongs per fortnight -- it's not just a good idea, it's
the law!
Chef, n.:
	Any cook who swears in French.
I'm gliding over a NUCLEAR WASTE DUMP near ATLANTA, Georgia!!
	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.
... If I had heart failure right now, I couldn't be a more fortunate man!!
Why be difficult when, with a bit of effort, you could be impossible?
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
Ego sum ens omnipotens.
He's just like Capistrano, always ready for a few swallows.
Lead me not into temptation... I can find it myself.
Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to
twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!
I can't decide which WRONG TURN to make first!!  I wonder if BOB
GUCCIONE has these problems!
In the land of the dark the Ship of the
Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
		-- Egyptian Book of the Dead
A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
		-- B. Franklin
Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul
"I remember when I was a kid I used to come home from Sunday School and
 my mother would get drunk and try to make pancakes."
-- George Carlin
A plethora of individuals with expertise in culinary techniques contaminate
the potable concoction produced by steeping certain edible nutriments.
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Up against the net, redneck mother,
Mother who has raised your son so well;
He's seventeen and hackin' on a Macintosh,
Flaming spelling errors and raisin' hell...
Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #5.

Mi ^cevalovipus vin se mi havus		I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
	^cevalon.
Vere vi ^sercas.			You must be kidding.
Nu, parDOOOOOnu min!			Well exCUUUUUSE me!
Kiu invitis vin?			Who invited you?
Kion vi diris pri mia patrino?		What did you say about my mother?
Bu^so^stopu min per kulero.		Gag me with a spoon.
I like being single.  I'm always there when I need me.
		-- Art Leo
You teach best what you most need to learn.
The Least Successful Equal Pay Advertisement
	In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish
Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality
legislation.  The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay
enforcement officer.  The advertisement offered different salary scales for
men and women.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Take your dying with some seriousness, however.  Laughing on the way to
your execution is not generally understood by less advanced life forms,
and they'll call you crazy.
		-- "Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul"
All men are mortal.  Socrates was mortal.  Therefore, all men are Socrates.
		-- Woody Allen
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 1

proof by example:
	The author gives only the case n = 2 and suggests that it 
	contains most of the ideas of the general proof.

proof by intimidation:
	'Trivial'.

proof by vigorous handwaving:
	Works well in a classroom or seminar setting.
He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.
I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.
QOTD:
	"My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"
Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a cheering
squad and another paycheck.  When a woman marries, she gets a boarder.
James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total
indifference to public notice to be universally recognized.
		-- Tom Stoppard
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
	-- Marechal Ferdinand Foch, Professor of Strategy,
	   Ecole Superieure de Guerre
To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
Q:	Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
A:	Lawn Boy.
Now's the time to have some big ideas
Now's the time to make some firm decisions
We saw the Buddha in a bar down south
Talking politics and nuclear fission
We see him and he's all washed up --
Moving on into the body of a beetle
Getting ready for a long long crawl
He  ain't nothing -- he ain't nothing at all...

Death and Money make their point once more
In the shape of Philosophical assassins
Mark and Danny take the bus uptown
Deadly angels for reality and passion
Have the courage of the here and now
Don't taking nothing from the half-baked buddhas
When you think you got it paid in full
You got nothing -- you got nothing at all...
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	We know his name and he mustn't get away.
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	It would take one shot -- to blow him away...
		-- Shriekback, "Gunning for the Buddah"
"Nuclear war would mean abolition of most comforts, and disruption of 
normal routines, for children and adults alike."
		-- Willard F. Libby, "You *Can* Survive Atomic Attack"
The Seventh Commandments for Technicians:
	Work thou not on energized equipment, for if thou dost, thy fellow
	workers will surely buy beers for thy widow and console her in other
	ways.
The adjuration to be "normal" seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither
hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.  I think it is ignorance that
makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain
undismayed at the proximity of "normal" to average and mediocre.  For surely
anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
		-- Dr. Karl Menninger, "The Human Mind", 1930
Really??  What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!
Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this
big field of rye and all.  Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around --
nobody big, I mean -- except me.  And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy
cliff.  What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go
over the cliff -- I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're
going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them.  That's all I'd do
all day.  I'd just be the catcher in the rye.  I know it;  I know it's crazy,
but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.  I know it's crazy.
		-- J.D. Salinger, "Catcher in the Rye"
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because if you enjoy it today,
you can do it again tomorrow.
Pushing 40 is exercise enough.
Never have so many understood so little about so much.
		-- James Burke
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
		-- Maurice Chapelain, "Main courante"
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
		-- Maharbal
"The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody 
appreciates how difficult it was."
-- Walt West
They finally got King Midas, I hear.  Gild by association.
... that the notions of "hardware", and "software" should be extended by
the notion of LIVEWARE - being that which produces software for use on
hardware.  This produces an obvious extension to the concept of MONITORS.
A liveware monitor is a person dedicated to the task of ensuring that the
liveware does not interfere with the real-time processes, invoking the
REAL-TIME EXECUTIONER to delete liveware that adversely affects ...
		-- Linden and Wihelminalaan
Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts, administrative
overhead continues to grow at a steady rate.
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
		-- Clare Booth Luce, quoted in "The Wit of Women"
I am a man: nothing human is alien to me.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
Birds and bees have as much to do with the facts of life as black
nightgowns do with keeping warm.
		-- Hester Mundis, "Powermom"
As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free variable."
Too much is not enough.
Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.
Error in operator: add beer
We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
		-- Elliot, "E.T."
"What is the Nature of God?"

    CLICK...CLICK...WHIRRR...CLICK...=BEEP!=
    1 QT. SOUR CREAM
    1 TSP. SAUERKRAUT
    1/2 CUT CHIVES.
    STIR AND SPRINKLE WITH BACON BITS.

"I've just GOT to start labeling my software..."
		-- Bloom County
Life is like bein' on a mule team.  Unless you're the lead mule, all the
scenery looks about the same.
You will be successful in your work.
I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
		-- George Gobel
"Come on over here, baby, I want to do a thing with you."
- A Cop, arresting a non-groovy person after the revolution, Firesign Theater
Think honk if you're a telepath.
Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority
over the other.
		-- Honore DeBalzac
To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
		-- Golda Meir
I think we're in trouble.
		-- Han Solo
I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and
to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and
support of the woman I love.
		-- Edward, Duke of Windsor, 1936, announcing his abdication
		   of the British throne in order to marry the American
		   divorcee Wallis Warfield Simpson.
	Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. does not warrant that the
functions contained in the program will meet your requirements or that
the operation of the program will be uninterrupted or error-free.
	However, Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. warrants the
diskette(s) on which the program is furnished to be of black color and
square shape under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the
date of purchase.
	NOTE: IN NO EVENT WILL COSMOTRONIC SOFTWARE UNLIMITED OR ITS
DISTRIBUTORS AND THEIR DEALERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
ANY LOST PROFIT, LOST SAVINGS, LOST PATIENCE OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
		-- Horstmann Software Design, the "ChiWriter" user manual
Courage is your greatest present need.
Q:	Minnesotans ask, "Why aren't there more pharmacists from Alabama?"
A:	Easy.  It's because they can't figure out how to get the little
	bottles into the typewriter.
Do you think your mother and I should have lived comfortably so long
together if ever we had been married?
Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.
GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#7):  April 2, 1751

Issac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.
I can't die until the government finds a safe place to bury my liver.
		-- Phil Harris
There are bad times just around the corner,
There are dark clouds hurtling through the sky
	And it's no good whining 
	About a silver lining
For we know from experience that they won't roll by...
		-- Noel Coward
And miles to go before I sleep.
		-- Robert Frost
Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the
way he did.  In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an
indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less
important to him than his table or his white robe.
		-- Stefan Zweigs, Biography of Balzac
You can't hug a child with nuclear arms.
Q:	How many gradual (sorry, that's supposed to be "graduate") students
	does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	"I'm afraid we don't know, but make my stipend tax-free, give my
	advisor a $30,000 grant of the taxpayer's money, and I'm sure he
	can tell me how to do the shit work for him so he can take the
	credit for answering this incredibly vital question."
Cabbage, n.:
	A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as
	a man's head.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Hire the morally handicapped.
The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
		-- Nora Ephron
But Captain -- the engines can't take this much longer!
Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"
We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support
of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support
the elephant, a huge tortoise.  If we will candidly confess the truth, we
know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in
which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or
about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as
his about the support of the earth.  His elephant was a hypothesis, and our
hypotheses are elephants.  Every theory in philosophy, which is built on
pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly
by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose
feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
		-- Thomas Reid, "An Inquiry into the Human Mind", 1764
Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.
She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring -- they applaud.
No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo.
Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!
A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.
Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
		-- Kayvan Sylvan
He asked me if I knew what time it was -- I said yes, but not right now.
		-- Steven Wright
Now there's three things you can do in a baseball game: you can win
or you can lose or it can rain.
		-- Casey Stengel
Information Center, n.:
	A room staffed by professional computer people whose job it is to
	tell you why you cannot have the information you require.
QOTD:
	"It's sort of a threat, you see.  I've never been very good at
	them myself, but I'm told they can be very effective."
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.  Teach a man to fish,
and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
		-- Calvin Keegan
Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
		-- Lazarus Long
Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul
standards, n.:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.
Fortune favors the lucky.
All phone calls are obscene.
		-- Karen Elizabeth Gordon
If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty, we encourage it,
and involve others in our doom.
		-- Samuel Adams
If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday,
and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
		-- William Bragg
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Intentions"
I believe a little incompatibility is the spice of life, particularly if he
has income and she is pattable.
		-- Ogden Nash
I brake for chezlogs!
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
		-- Francis Bacon
Sho' they got to have it against the law.  Shoot, ever'body git high,
they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.  Hee-hee.
		-- Terry Southern
Coach: Can I draw you a beer, Norm?
Norm:  No, I know what they look like.  Just pour me one.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How about a beer, Norm?
Norm:  Hey I'm high on life, Coach.  Of course, beer is my life.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How's a beer sound, Norm?
Norm:  I dunno.  I usually finish them before they get a word in.
		-- Cheers, Fortune and Men's Weights
Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
		-- Kayvan Sylvan
What we need is either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's up?
Norm:  The warranty on my liver.
		-- Cheers, Breaking In Is Hard to Do

Sam:  What can I do for you, Norm?
Norm: Open up those beer taps and, oh, take the day off, Sam.
		-- Cheers, Veggie-Boyd

Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Another layer for the winter, Wood.
		-- Cheers, It's a Wonderful Wife
Do you know Montana?
I read Playboy for the same reason I read National Geographic.  To see
the sights I'm never going to visit.
Once, there was NO fun ... This was before MENU planning, FASHION
statements or NAUTILUS equipment ... Then, in 1985 ... FUN was
completely encoded in this tiny MICROCHIP ... It contain 14,768 vaguely
amusing SIT-COM pilots!!  We had to wait FOUR BILLION years but we
finally got JERRY LEWIS, MTV and a large selection of creme-filled
snack cakes!
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which
otherwise require harder thinking.
		-- Jerome Lettvin
	The birds are singing, the flowers are budding, and it is time
for Miss Manners to tell young lovers to stop necking in public.
	It's not that Miss Manners is immune to romance.  Miss Manners
has been known to squeeze a gentleman's arm while being helped over a
curb, and, in her wild youth, even to press a dainty slipper against a
foot or two under the dinner table.  Miss Manners also believes that the
sight of people strolling hand in hand or arm in arm or arm in hand
dresses up a city considerably more than the more familiar sight of
people shaking umbrellas at one another.  What Miss Manners objects to
is the kind of activity that frightens the horses on the street...
"Gee, Toto, I don't think we are in Kansas anymore."
You know the great thing about TV?  If something important happens
anywhere at all in the world, no matter what time of the day or night,
you can always change the channel.
		-- Jim Ignatowski
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction
rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped.
The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position
in the atmosphere without something to support it must drop.  The law of
gravity supercedes the law of golf.
		-- Donald A. Metz
UFOs are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
The spectacle of astrology in the White House -- the governing center of
the world's greatest scientific and military power -- is so appalling that
it defies understanding and provides grounds for great fright.  The easiest
response is to laugh it off, and to indulge in wisecracks about Civil
Service ratings for horoscope makers and palm readers and whether Reagan
asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his sign.  A contagious good cheer is the
hallmark of this presidency, even when the most dismal matters are concerned.
But this time, it isn't funny.  It's plain scary.
-- Daniel S. Greenberg, Editor, _Science and Government Report_, writing in
   "Newsday", May 5, 1988
If a system is administered wisely,
its users will be content.
They enjoy hacking their code
and don't waste time implementing
labor-saving shell scripts.
Since they dearly love their accounts,
they aren't interested in other machines.
There may be telnet, rlogin, and ftp,
but these don't access any hosts.
There may be an arsenal of cracks and malware,
but nobody ever uses them.
People enjoy reading their mail,
take pleasure in being with their newsgroups,
spend weekends working at their terminals,
delight in the doings at the site.
And even though the next system is so close
that users can hear its key clicks and biff beeps,
they are content to die of old age
without ever having gone to see it.
The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife.
Time-sharing is the junk-mail part of the computer business.
		-- H.R.J. Grosch (attributed)
I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying,
and for this reason: I can never be satisfied with anyone who would
be blockhead enough to have me.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
Spring is here, spring is here,
Life is skittles and life is beer.
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one,
an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
- Edmund Burke
Yow!  Maybe I should have asked for my Neutron Bomb in PAISLEY --
You will lose an important disk file.
There is one way to find out if a man is honest -- ask him.  If he says
"Yes" you know he is crooked.
		-- Groucho Marx
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
		-- Lily Tomlin
Polymer physicists are into chains.
There's no honorable way to kill, no gentle way to destroy.  There is
nothing good in war.  Except its ending.
		-- Abraham Lincoln, "The Savage Curtain", stardate 5906.5
Corruption is not the #1 priority of the Police Commissioner.  His job
is to enforce the law and fight crime.
		-- P.B.A. President E. J. Kiernan
"It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God but to
 create him."
 -Arthur C. Clarke
I'll show you MY telex number if you show me YOURS ...
Teachers have class.
Once, there was NO fun ... This was before MENU planning, FASHION
statements or NAUTILUS equipment ... Then, in 1985 ... FUN was
completely encoded in this tiny MICROCHIP ... It contain 14,768 vaguely
amusing SIT-COM pilots!!  We had to wait FOUR BILLION years but we
finally got JERRY LEWIS, MTV and a large selection of creme-filled
snack cakes!
'Twas the night before crisis, and all through the house,
	Not a program was working not even a browse.
The programmers were wrung out too mindless to care,
	Knowing chances of cutover hadn't a prayer.
The users were nestled all snug in their beds,
	While visions of inquiries danced in their heads.
When out in the lobby there arose such a clatter,
	I sprang from my tube to see what was the matter.
And what to my wondering eyes should appear,
	But a Super Programmer, oblivious to fear.
More rapid than eagles, his programs they came,
	And he whistled and shouted and called them by name;
On Update!  On Add!  On Inquiry!  On Delete!
	On Batch Jobs!  On Closing!  On Functions Complete!
His eyes were glazed over, his fingers were lean,
	From Weekends and nights in front of a screen.
A wink of his eye, and a twist of his head,
	Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread...
		-- "Twas the Night before Crisis"
fortune: not found
The sight of death frightens them [Earthers].
		-- Kras the Klingon, "Friday's Child", stardate 3497.2
I poured spot remover on my dog.  Now he's gone.
		-- Steven Wright
I have lots of things in my pockets;
None of them is worth anything.
Sociopolitical whines aside,
Gan you give me, gratis, free,
The price of half a gallon
Of Gallo extra bad
And most of the bus fare home.
Graduate life: It's not just a job.  It's an indenture.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely 
larger than others.
And if you wonder,
What I am doing,
As I am heading for the sink.
I am spitting out all the bitterness,
Along with half of my last drink.
The savior becomes the victim.
UH-OH!!  I put on "GREAT HEAD-ON TRAIN COLLISIONS of the 50's" by
mistake!!!
Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove:
O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
If this be error and upon me proved,
I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
		-- D. Gries
Nature abhors a hero.  For one thing, he violates the law of conservation
of energy.  For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the
fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be
creamed?
		-- Solomon Short
The bug starts here.
If you're happy, you're successful.
Horace's best ode would not please a young woman as much as the mediocre
verses of the young man she is in love with.
		-- Moore
When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by
reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger handle this?"
"Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some
 of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?"
-- Patricia O Tuama, rissa@killer.DALLAS.TX.US
I accept chaos.  I am not sure whether it accepts me.  I know some people
are terrified of the bomb.  But then some people are terrified to be seen
carrying a modern screen magazine.  Experience teaches us that silence
terrifies people the most.
		-- Bob Dylan
Dear Miss Manners:
Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.

Gentle Reader:
Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face. If
the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic
discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief, and
go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth along
your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.  If, however,
the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more intimate
nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your pink tongue.
Do clones have navels?
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed
ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald
I can resist anything but temptation.
The heart is not a logical organ.
		-- Dr. Janet Wallace, "The Deadly Years", stardate 3479.4
Given my druthers, I'd druther not.
War isn't a good life, but it's life.
		-- Kirk, "A Private Little War", stardate 4211.8
Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.
Join the march to save individuality!
God created woman.  And boredom did indeed cease from that moment --
but many other things ceased as well.  Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Nietzsche
I have a friend whose a billionaire.  He invented Cliff's notes.  When
I asked him how he got such a great idea he said, "Well first I...
I just... to make a long story short..."
		-- Steven Wright
Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid;
Open it and you remove all doubt.
Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!
I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and after
expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government of
England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only commenced,
I have received neither an acknowledgement of my labors, not even the offer
of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the reach of men
who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...  

If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were a mere
triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the execution
of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some justification
might be found for the course which has been taken; but I venture to assert
that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will ever publicly express
an opinion that such a machine would be useless if made, and that no man
distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to declare the construction of
such machinery impracticable...

And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed by that
exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its advancement,
which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I think the 
application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abtruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
- Charles Babbage, Passage from the Life of a Philosopher
timesharing, n:
	An access method whereby one computer abuses many people.
While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe, "The Raven"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to hardware interrupts.]
 
And now I see with eye serene
The very pulse of the machine.
		-- William Wordsworth, "She Was a Phantom of Delight"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to software interrupts.]
Violence stinks, no matter which end of it you're on.  But now and then
there's nothing left to do but hit the other person over the head with a
frying pan.  Sometimes people are just begging for that frypan, and if we
weaken for a moment and honor their request, we should regard it as
impulsive philanthropy, which we aren't in any position to afford, but
shouldn't regret it too loudly lest we spoil the purity of the deed.
		-- Tom Robbins
If you permit yourself to read meanings into (rather than drawing meanings out
of) the evidence, you can draw any conclusion you like.
-- Michael Keith, "The Bar-Code Beast", The Skeptical Enquirer Vol 12 No 4 p 416
Confusion will be my epitaph
as I walk a cracked and broken path
If we make it we can all sit back and laugh
but I fear that tomorrow we'll be crying.
		-- King Crimson, "In the Court of the Crimson King"
Woman was God's second mistake.
		-- Nietzsche
I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything.  Every once
in a while I turn it on and off.  On and off.  On and off.  One day I
got a call from a woman in France who said "Cut it out!"
		-- Steven Wright
"I remember when I was a kid I used to come home from Sunday School and
 my mother would get drunk and try to make pancakes."
-- George Carlin
Margaret, are you grieving
Over Goldengrove unleaving?
Leaves, like the things of man,
You, with your fresh thoughts
Care for, can you?
Ah! as the heart grows older
It will come to such sights colder
By and by, nor spare a sigh
Though worlds of wanwood leafmeal lie
And yet you will weep and know why.
Now no matter, child, the name
Sorrow's springs are the same:
It is the blight man was born for,
It is Margaret you mourn for.
		-- Gerard Manley Hopkins.
It is your destiny.
- Darth Vader
Does someone from PEORIA have a SHORTER ATTENTION span than me?
What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
		-- William Blake
	There was once a programmer who worked upon microprocessors.  "Look at
how well off I am here," he said to a mainframe programmer who came to visit,
"I have my own operating system and file storage device.  I do not have to
share my resources with anyone.  The software is self-consistent and
easy-to-use.  Why do you not quit your present job and join me here?"
	The mainframe programmer then began to describe his system to his
friend, saying: "The mainframe sits like an ancient sage meditating in the
midst of the data center.  Its disk drives lie end-to-end like a great ocean
of machinery.  The software is a multi-faceted as a diamond and as convoluted
as a primeval jungle.  The programs, each unique, move through the system
like a swift-flowing river.  That is why I am happy where I am."
	The microcomputer programmer, upon hearing this, fell silent.  But the
two programmers remained friends until the end of their days.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Why don't you ever enter any CONTESTS, Marvin??  Don't you know your
own ZIPCODE?
"Hello again, Peabody here..."
-- Mister Peabody
Illiterate?  Write today, for free help!
BELA LUGOSI is my co-pilot ...
Lucas is the source of many of the components of the legendarily reliable
British automotive electrical systems.  Professionals call the company "The
Prince of Darkness".  Of course, if Lucas were to design and manufacture
nuclear weapons, World War III would never get off the ground.  The British
don't like warm beer any more than the Americans do.  The British drink warm
beer because they have Lucas refrigerators.
Just to have it is enough.
A classic is something that everyone wants to have read
and nobody wants to read.
		-- Mark Twain, "The Disappearance of Literature"
You may call me by my name, Wirth, or by my value, Worth.
- Nicklaus Wirth
Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
		-- Eric Hoffer
All the simple programs have been written.
I don't want to live on in my work, I want to live on in my apartment.
		-- Woody Allen
"In regards to Oral Roberts' claim that God told him that he would die unless he
 received $20 million by March, God's lawyers have stated that their client has
 not spoken with Roberts for several years.  Off the record, God has stated that
 "If I had wanted to ice the little toad, I would have done it a long time ago."
-- Dennis Miller, SNL News
Life is like a sewer.  What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
		-- Tom Lehrer
Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.
Failed Attempts To Break Records
	In September 1978 Mr. Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break
the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.  "I am not surprised
he failed," his wife said afterwards.  "He's really a very quiet man and
doesn't even shout at me."
	In August of the same year Mr. Paul Anthony failed to break the
record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
	His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended
after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
"People complained I was too noisy," he said.
	In January 1976 Mr. Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across
the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.  "It was raining heavily and my
drone got waterlogged," he said.
	A TV cameraman thwarted Mr. Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000
dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.  97,500 dominoes
had been set up when he dropped his press badge and set them off.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Nonsense.  Space is blue and birds fly through it.
		-- Heisenberg
Egotism, n:
	Doing the New York Times crossword puzzle with a pen.

Egotist, n:
	A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
... most of us learned about love the hard way.  Even warnings are probably
useless, for somehow, despite the severest warnings of parents and friends,
hundreds, thousands of women have forgotten themselves at the last minute
and succumbed to the lies, promises, flatteries, or mere attentions of
lusting, lovely men, landing themselves in complicated predicaments from
which some of them never recovered during their entire lives.  And I am not
speaking only of your teenaged Midwesterners in 1958; I'm speaking of women
of every age in every city in every year.  The notorious sexual revolution
has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
		-- Alix Kates Shulman
It was one of those perfect summer days -- the sun was shining, a breeze
was blowing, the birds were singing, and the lawn mower was broken ...
		--- James Dent
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
		-- Gandhi
When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity
for him.  All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "Minority Report"
You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
		-- Sherlock Holmes
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think,
recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one
particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
- Eleanor Roosevelt
It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.
Boob's Law:
	You always find something in the last place you look.
The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip
market.  Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and
is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
		-- James Finke, Commodore Int'l Ltd., 1982
Nirvana?  That's the place where the powers that be and their friends hang out.
		-- Zonker Harris
The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to
hang yourself.  And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.
A figure with curves always offers a lot of interesting angles.
We gave you an atomic bomb, what do you want, mermaids?
		-- I. I. Rabi to the Atomic Energy Commission
Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.
Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.
Although it is still a truism in industry that "no one was ever fired for
buying IBM," Bill O'Neil, the chief technology officer at Drexel Burnham
Lambert, says he knows for a fact that someone has been fired for just that
reason.  He knows it because he fired the guy.
	"He made a bad decision, and what it came down to was, 'Well, I
bought it because I figured it was safe to buy IBM,'"  Mr. O'Neil says.
"I said, 'No.  Wrong.  Game over.  Next contestant, please.'"
		-- The Wall Street Journal, December 6, 1989
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky
One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.
It's OKAY -- I'm an INTELLECTUAL, too.
Pig: An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race by the 
splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however, is inferior in scope,
for it balks at pig.
-- Ambrose Bierce
The typical page layout program is nothing more than an electronic
light table for cutting and pasting documents.
Observe yon plumed biped fine.
To activate its captivation,
Deposit on its termination,
A quantity of particles saline.
I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone
For 20 dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time ...
Larkinson's Law:
	All laws are basically false.
Refreshed by a brief blackout, I got to my feet and went next door.
-- Martin Amis, _Money_
The entire CHINESE WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL TEAM all share ONE personality --
and have since BIRTH!!
Whatever it is, I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
  "Emergency!"  Sgiggs screamed, ejecting himself from the tub like it was
a burning car.  "Dial 'one'!  Get room service!  Code red!"  Stiggs was on
the phone immediately, ordering more rose blossoms, because, according to
him, the ones floating in the tub had suddenly lost their smell.  "I demand
smell," he shrilled.  "I expecting total uninterrupted smell from these
f*cking roses."

  Unfortunately, the service captain didn't realize that the Stiggs situation
involved fifty roses.  "What am I going to do with this?" Stiggs sneered at
the weaseling hotel goon when he appeared at our door holding a single flower
floating in a brandy glass.  Stiggs's tirade was great.  "Do you see this
bathtub?  Do you notice any difference between the size of the tub and the
size of that spindly wad of petals in your hand?  I need total bath coverage.
I need a completely solid layer of roses all around me like puffing factories
of smell, attacking me with their smell and power-ramming big stinking
concentrations of rose odor up my nostrils until I'm wasted with pleasure."
It wasn't long before we got so dissatisfied with this incompetence that we
bolted.
-- The Utterly Monstrous, Mind-Roasting Summer of O.C. and Stiggs,
   National Lampoon, October 1982
Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.
Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim
I smell like a wet reducing clinic on Columbus Day!
Death is only a state of mind.

Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
OMNIVERSAL AWARENESS??  Oh, YEH!!  First you need four GALLONS of JELL-O
and a BIG WRENCH!! ... I think you drop th'WRENCH in the JELL-O as if
it was a FLAVOR, or an INGREDIENT ... ... or ... I ... um ... WHERE'S
the WASHING MACHINES?
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
I know the disposition of women: when you will, they won't; when
you won't, they set their hearts upon you of their own inclination.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Listener"
I wonder if there's anything GOOD on tonight?
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
...the prevailing Catholic odor - incense, wax, centuries of mild bleating
from the lips of the flock.
-- Thomas Pynchon, _Gravity's Rainbow_
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
		-- Erma Bombeck
Ambiguity:
	Telling the truth when you don't mean to.
My own dear love, he is strong and bold
	And he cares not what comes after.
His words ring sweet as a chime of gold,
	And his eyes are lit with laughter.
He is jubilant as a flag unfurled --
	Oh, a girl, she'd not forget him.
My own dear love, he is all my world --
	And I wish I'd never met him.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 1
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
I am getting into abstract painting.  Real abstract -- no brush, no canvas,
I just think about it.  I just went to an art museum where all of the art
was done by children.  All the paintings were hung on refrigerators.
		-- Steven Wright
QOTD:
	"I've just learned about his illness.  Let's hope it's nothing
	trivial."
A Elbereth Gilthoniel,
silivren penna m'iriel
o menel aglar elenath!
Na chaered palan-d'iriel
o galadhremmin ennorath,
Fanuilos, le linnathon
nef aear, s'i  nef aearon!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
- Paul Tillich, German theologian and historian
Ignorance is never out of style.  It was in fashion yesterday, it is the
rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
		-- Franklin K. Dane
What's love but a second-hand emotion?
		-- Tina Turner
Biology grows on you.
Most Texans think Hanukkah is some sort of duck call.
		-- Richard Lewis
Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you, no matter how small, will
	atttempt to use it.
My analyst told me that I was right out of my head,
	But I said, "Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead.
Because I have got a thing that is unique and new,
	To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you.
'Cause instead of one head -- I've got two.

And you know two heads are better than one.
To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus
Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"
Windows 95 Beer: A lot of people have taste-tested it and claim it's 
wonderful. The can looks a lot like Mac Beer's can, but tastes more like 
Windows 3.1 Beer. It comes in 32-oz.  cans, but when you look inside, the 
cans only have 16 oz. of beer in them. Most people will probably keep 
drinking Windows 3.1 Beer until their friends try Windows 95 Beer and say 
they like it. The ingredients list, when you look at the small print, has 
some of the same ingredients that come in DOS beer, even though the 
manufacturer claims that this is an entirely new brew.
If you stick your head in the sand, one thing is for sure, you're gonna
get your rear kicked.
This TOPS OFF my partygoing experience!  Someone I DON'T LIKE is
talking to me about a HEART-WARMING European film ...
It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.
Declared guilty... of displaying feelings of an almost human nature.
		-- Pink Floyd, "The Wall"
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"
I am a conscientious man, when I throw rocks at seabirds I leave no tern
unstoned.
		-- Ogden Nash, "Everybody's Mind to Me a Kingdom Is"
paycheck:
	The weekly $5.27 that remains after deductions for federal
	withholding, state withholding, city withholding, FICA,
	medical/dental, long-term disability, unemployment insurance,
	Christmas Club, and payroll savings plan contributions.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
Please don't put a strain on our friendship by asking me to do something
for you.
No rock so hard but that a little wave
May beat admission in a thousand years.
		-- Tennyson
In order to succeed in any enterprise, one must be persistent and patient.
Even if one has to run some risks, one must be brave and strong enough to
meet and overcome vexing challenges to maintain a successful business in
the long run.  I cannot help saying that Americans lack this necessary 
challenging spirit today.
- Hajime Karatsu
Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can frequently save a
	couple of hours in the library.
The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.
Nothing happens.
Sleep is for the weak and sickly.
Once, I read that a man be never stronger than when he truly realizes how
weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"
American by birth; Texan by the grace of God.
Only two groups of people fall for flattery -- men and women.
If men acted after marriage as they do during courtship, there would
be fewer divorces -- and more bankruptcies.
		-- Frances Rodman
We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
Is death legally binding?
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.
"I distrust a close-mouthed man.  He generally picks the wrong time to talk 
and says the wrong things.  Talking's something you can't do judiciously, 
unless you keep in practice.  Now, sir, we'll talk if you like.	I'll tell 
you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk."
-- Sidney Greenstreet, _The Maltese Falcon_
Oreo.
Politician:  An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of
organized society is reared.  When he wriggles he mistakes the agitation of
his tail for the trembling of the edifice.  As compared with the statesman,
he suffers the disadvantage of being alive.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Here I am again right where I know I shouldn't be
I've been caught inside this trap too many times
I must've walked these steps and said these words a
	thousand times before
It seems like I know everybody's lines.
		-- David Bromberg, "How Late'll You Play 'Til?"
You are here:   
		***
		***
	     *********
	      *******
	       *****
		***
		 *

		 But you're not all there.
The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing
-- and then marry him.
		-- Cher
"The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more often."
"If you'll excuse me a minute, I'm going to have a cup of coffee."
- broadcast from Apollo 11's LEM, "Eagle", to Johnson Space Center, Houston
  July 20, 1969, 7:27 P.M.
New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his age,
and his wife most often reminds him to act it.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary
"MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into
the smallest amount of thoughts."
		-- Winston Churchill
When you meet a master swordsman,
show him your sword.
When you meet a man who is not a poet,
do not show him your poem.
		-- Rinzai, ninth century Zen master
HELLO KITTY gang terrorizes town, family STICKERED to death!
Rune's Rule:
	If you don't care where you are, you ain't lost.
QOTD:
	"A child of 5 could understand this!  Fetch me a child of 5."
The most common form of marriage proposal: "YOU'RE WHAT!?"
He's dead, Jim.
The eyes of taxes are upon you.
Darth Vader!  Only you would be so bold!
		-- Princess Leia Organa
To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block,
and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly.  It was
agreeable, too -- it really was -- to see him cut it off, so smooth and juicy.
There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen;
it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of
tone, skilful handling of the subject, fine shading.  It was the triumph of
mind over matter; quite.
		-- Dickens, "Martin Chuzzlewit"
My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, "Mom, go for it!"
		-- Sue Murphy
Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
		-- Charles Dickens, "A Christmas Carol"
Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?
Numeric stability is probably not all that important when you're guessing.
It's like deja vu all over again.
		-- Yogi Berra
An eye in a blue face
Saw an eye in a green face.
"That eye is like this eye"
Said the first eye,
"But in low place,
Not in high place."
Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call,
Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all.
Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin,
Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again.

Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall.
Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all.
Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled.
Make our country well again, respected by the world.

Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun.
Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done.
Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free,
Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
		-- Pansy Myers Schroeder
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work.
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
		-- Clarence Day
A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty
and a boy for ever.
		-- Helen Rowland
O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best,
reformed or potential lunatics.
		-- Susan Sontag
Its name is Public Opinion.  It is held in reverence.  It settles everything.
Some think it is the voice of God.
		-- Mark Twain
I'll meet you... on the dark side of the moon...
		-- Pink Floyd
You should tip the waiter $10, minus $2 if he tells you his name, another $2
if he claims it will be His Pleasure to serve you and another $2 for each
"special" he describes involving confusing terms such as "shallots," and $4
if the menu contains the word "fixin's." In many restaurants, this means the
waiter will actually owe you money. If you are traveling with a child aged
six months to three years, you should leave an additional amount equal to
twice the bill to compensate for the fact that they will have to take the
banquette out and burn it because the cracks are wedged solid with gobbets
made of partially chewed former restaurant rolls saturated with baby spit.

In New York, tip the taxicab driver $40 if he does not mention his hemorrhoids.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"
Vila: "I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."

Orac: "It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
      waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."
Men often believe -- or pretend -- that the "Law" is something sacred, or
at least a science -- an unfounded assumption very convenient to governments.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
If this is a service economy, why is the service so bad?
"In matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved."
-- Butler
It was pity stayed his hand.
"Pity I don't have any more bullets," thought Frito.
-- _Bored_of_the_Rings_, a Harvard Lampoon parody of Tolkein
Someone is speaking well of you.
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."
		-- Benjamin Franklin, 1759
In English, every word can be verbed.  Would that it were so in our
programming languages.
Stellar rays prove fibbing never pays.  Embezzlement is another matter.
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
		-- P. Erdos
omnibiblious, adj.:
	Indifferent to type of drink.  Ex: "Oh, you can get me anything.
	I'm omnibiblious."
Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many poor
people.
		-- Don Herold
Last night I met upon the stair
A little man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today.
Gee how I wish he'd go away!
The essential ideas of Algol 68 were that the whole language should be
precisely defined and that all the pieces should fit together smoothly.
The basic idea behind Pascal was that it didn't matter how vague the
language specification was (it took *years* to clarify) or how many rough
edges there were, as long as the CDC Pascal compiler was fast.
-- Richard A. O'Keefe
Death is nature's way of saying `Howdy'.
"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine, you won't
get any ice.  If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get ice, but no cup.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining
and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
		-- Mark Twain
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and
fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are
drifting side by side to our common doom.
		-- Clarence Darrow
"Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of
Silly Putty."
-  Dennis Rawlins, astronomer
Lunatic Asylum, n.:
	The place where optimism most flourishes.
/earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.
What makes you think graduate school is supposed to be satisfying?
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"
The Abrams' Principle:
	The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
QOTD:
	"I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint.  And then go on
	strike.  To make less money."
My uncle Murray conquered Egypt in 53 B.C.  And I can prove it too!!
Coach: How's it going, Norm?
Norm:  Daddy's rich and Momma's good lookin'.
		-- Cheers, Truce or Consequences

Sam:   What's up, Norm?
Norm:  My nipples.  It's freezing out there.
		-- Cheers, Coach Returns to Action

Coach: What's the story, Norm?
Norm:  Thirsty guy walks into a bar.  You finish it.
		-- Cheers, Endless Slumper
Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off
during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sex and the Single Amoeba: What Every
		   Teen Should Know"
	Then a man said: Speak to us of Expectations.
	He then said: If a man does not see or hear the waters of the
Jordan, then he should not taste the pomegranate or ply his wares in an
open market.
	If a man would not labour in the salt and rock quarries then he
should not accept of the Earth that which he refuses to give of
himself.

	Such a man would expect a pear of a peach tree.
	Such a man would expect a stone to lay an egg.
	Such a man would expect Sears to assemble a lawnmower.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"
"You can't make a program without broken egos."
If you didn't have to work so hard, you'd have more time to be depressed.
Do you suffer painful elimination?
		-- Don Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos"

Do you suffer painful recrimination?
		-- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms"

Do you suffer painful illumination?
		-- Isaac Newton, "Optics"

Do you suffer painful hallucination?
		-- Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda
A Hollywood producer calls a friend, another producer on the phone.
	"Hello?" his friend answers.
	"Hi!" says the man.  "This is Bob, how are you doing?"
	"Oh," says the friend, "I'm doing great!  I just sold a screenplay
for two hundred thousand dollars.  I've started a novel adaptation and the
studio advanced me fifty thousand dollars on it.  I also have a television
series coming on next week, and everyone says it's going to be a big hit!
I'm doing *great*!  How are you?"
	"Okay," says the producer, "give me a call when he leaves."
... but as records of courts and justice are admissible, it can easily be
proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed and were a scourge
to mankind.  The evidence (including confession) upon which certain women 
were convicted of witchcraft and executed was without a flaw; it is still 
unimpeachable.  The judges' decisions based on it were sound in logic and 
in law.  Nothing in any existing court was ever more thoroughly proved than
the charges of witchcraft and sorcery for which so many suffered death.  If
there were no witches, human testimony and human reason are alike destitute
of value.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
All God's children are not beautiful.  Most of God's children are, in fact,
barely presentable.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"
If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty, we encourage it,
and involve others in our doom.
		-- Samuel Adams
Science Fiction, Double Feature.
Frank has built and lost his creature.
Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet.
The servants gone to a distant planet.
Wo, oh, oh, oh.
At the late night, double feature, Picture show.
I want to go, oh, oh, oh.
To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show
Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being
that a belch is more satisfying.
		-- Ingmar Bergman
Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
Mac Beer: At first, came only a 16-oz. can, but now comes in a 32-oz. 
can. Considered by many to be a "light" beer. All the cans look 
identical. When you take one from the fridge, it opens itself. The 
ingredients list is not on the can. If you call to ask about the 
ingredients, you are told that "you don't need to know." A notice on the 
side reminds you to drag your empties to the trashcan.
Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
		-- G.H. Gonnet
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction
rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
"...Deep Hack Mode--that mysterious and frightening state of
consciousness where Mortal Users fear to tread."
(By Matt Welsh)
I love treason but hate a traitor.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
The three biggest software lies:
	(1) *Of course* we'll give you a copy of the source.
	(2) *Of course* the third party vendor we bought that from
	    will fix the microcode.
	(3) Beta test site?  No, *of course* you're not a beta test site.
American by birth; Texan by the grace of God.
A computer salesman visits a company president for the purpose of selling
the president one of the latest talking computers.
Salesman:	"This machine knows everything. I can ask it any quesstion
		and it'll give the correct answer.  Computer, what is the
		speed of light?"
Computer:	186,282 miles per second.
Salesman:	"Who was the first president of the United States?"
Computer:	George Washington.
President:	"I'm still not convinced. Let me ask a question.
		Where is my father?"
Computer:	Your father is fishing in Georgia.
President:	"Hah!! The computer is wrong. My father died over twenty
		years ago!"
Computer:	Your mother's husband died 22 years ago. Your father just
		landed a twelve pound bass.
Blore's Razor:
	Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is funnier.
The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Reflections on the Art of Life"
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
		-- Erma Bombeck
Hubbard's Law:
	Don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive.
The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of
us who are fortunate enough never to have been one -- like watching
Charlie Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.
Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw
Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.
Clovis' Consideration of an Atmospheric Anomaly:
	The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated
	than by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere,
	bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.
My ritual differs slightly.  What I do, first thing [in the morning], is I
hop into the shower stall.  Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped
in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot
character from "Star Wars" whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off
of while he showers.  Then I hop right back into the stall because our dog,
Earnest, who has been alone in the basement all night building up powerful
dog emotions, has come bounding and quivering into the bathroom and wants
to greet me with 60 or 70 thousand playful nips, any one of which -- bear
in mind that I am naked and, without my contact lenses, essentially blind
-- could result in the kind of injury where you have to learn a whole new
part if you want to sing the "Messiah," if you get my drift.  Then I hop
right back out, because Robert, with that uncanny sixth sense some children
have -- you cannot teach it; they either have it or they don't -- has chosen
exactly that moment to flush one of the toilets.  Perhaps several of them.
		-- Dave Barry
A pretty woman can do anything; an ugly woman must do everything.
There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who comes
to visit.
"Absolutely nothing should be concluded from these figures except that
no conclusion can be drawn from them."
(By Joseph L. Brothers, Linux/PowerPC Project)
	I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments
of others, and all positive assertion of my own.  I even forbade myself the use
of every word or expression in the language that imported a fixed opinion, such
as "certainly", "undoubtedly", etc.   I adopted instead of them "I conceive",
"I apprehend", or "I imagine" a thing to be so or so; or "so it appears to me
at present".
	When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied
myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him
immediately some absurdity in his proposition.  In answering I began by
observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right,
but in the present case there appeared or semed to me some difference, etc.
	I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the
conversations I engaged in went on more pleasantly.  The modest way in which I
proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction.
I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily
prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I
happened to be in the right.
		-- Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin
What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
		-- William Blake
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
		-- Calvin Coolidge
Got a dictionary?  I want to know the meaning of life.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind.  Then it passes off and I'm
as intelligent as ever.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Endgame"
I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only
say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
... bacteriological warfare ... hard to believe we were once foolish
enough to play around with that.
		-- McCoy, "The Omega Glory", stardate unknown
I have become me without my consent.
I remember Ulysses well...  Left one day for the post office to mail a letter,
met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar, and didn't come back for 20 years.
It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity... {to do almost
anything in any language}.  However, the fact that it is possible to push
a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible
way of getting it there.  Each of these techniques of language extension
should be used in its proper place.
		-- Christopher Strachey
filibuster, n.:
	Throwing your wait around.
Iowans ask why Minnesotans don't drink more Kool-Aid.  That's because
they can't figure out how to get two quarts of water into one of those
little paper envelopes.
Alea iacta est.
	[The die is cast]
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
Banectomy, n.:
	The removal of bruises on a banana.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.
		-- Hubert Kirrman
"The only way for a reporter to look at a politician is down."
-- H.L. Mencken
"I say we take off; nuke the site from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure."
- Corporal Hicks, in "Aliens"
Failed Attempts To Break Records
	In September 1978 Mr. Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break
the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.  "I am not surprised
he failed," his wife said afterwards.  "He's really a very quiet man and
doesn't even shout at me."
	In August of the same year Mr. Paul Anthony failed to break the
record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
	His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended
after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
"People complained I was too noisy," he said.
	In January 1976 Mr. Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across
the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.  "It was raining heavily and my
drone got waterlogged," he said.
	A TV cameraman thwarted Mr. Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000
dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.  97,500 dominoes
had been set up when he dropped his press badge and set them off.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
I always will remember --		I was in no mood to trifle;
'Twas a year ago November --		I got down my trusty rifle
I went out to shoot some deer		And went out to stalk my prey --
On a morning bright and clear.		What a haul I made that day!
I went and shot the maximum		I tied them to my bumper and
The game laws would allow:		I drove them home somehow,
Two game wardens, seven hunters,	Two game wardens, seven hunters,
And a cow.				And a cow.

The Law was very firm, it		People ask me how I do it
Took away my permit--			And I say, "There's nothin' to it!
The worst punishment I ever endured.	You just stand there lookin' cute,
It turns out there was a reason:	And when something moves, you shoot."
Cows were out of season, and		And there's ten stuffed heads
One of the hunters wasn't insured.	In my trophy room right now:
					Two game wardens, seven hunters,
					And a pure-bred guernsey cow.
		-- Tom Lehrer, "The Hunting Song"
A new supply of round tuits has arrived and are available from Mary.
Anyone who has been putting off work until they got a round tuit now
has no excuse for further procrastination.
Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye,
particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Enter Conversing"
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward,
then we are a sorry lot indeed.
		-- Albert Einstein
Because I do,
Because I do not hope,
Because I do not hope to survive
Injustice from the Palace, death from the air,
Because I do, only do,
I continue...
		-- T.S. Pynchon
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
Actor:	So what do you do for a living?
Doris:	I work for a company that makes deceptively shallow serving
	dishes for Chinese restaurants.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"
I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better
take one along that worked.
		-- Raymond Chandler
Drink and dance and laugh and lie
Love, the reeling midnight through
For tomorrow we shall die!
(But, alas, we never do.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Flaw in Paganism"
	"... freedom ... is a worship word..."
	"It is our worship word too."
		-- Cloud William and Kirk, "The Omega Glory", stardate unknown
Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use
this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
		-- Machiavelli
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
		-- Kin Hubbard, "Abe Martin's Sayings"
Two percent of zero is almost nothing.
Dear Emily:
	I recently read an article that said, "reply by mail, I'll summarize."
What should I do?
		-- Doubtful

Dear Doubtful:
	Post your response to the whole net.  That request applies only to
dumb people who don't have something interesting to say.  Your postings are
much more worthwhile than other people's, so it would be a waste to reply by
mail.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
Plato, by the way, wanted to banish all poets from his proposed Utopia
because they were liars.  The truth was that Plato knew philosophers
couldn't compete successfully with poets.
		-- Kilgore Trout (Philip J. Farmer), "Venus on the Half Shell"
The, uh, snowy mountains are like really cold, eh?
And the, um, plains stretch out like my moms girdle, eh?
There's lotsa beers and doughnuts for everyone, eh?
So the last one to be peaceful and everything is a big idiot,
Eh?
So shut yer face up and dry yer mucklucks by the fire, eh?
And dream about girls with their high beams on, eh?
They may be cold, but that's okay!  Beer's better that way!
Eh?
		-- A, like, Tribute to the Great White North, eh?
Beauty!
QOTD:
	"When she hauled ass, it took three trips."
Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers.
		-- Pablo Picasso
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common.  Instead of
altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts to fit their
views ... which can be very uncomfortable if you happen to be one of the
facts that needs altering.
		-- Doctor Who, "Face of Evil"
      ...and before I knew what I was doing, I had kicked the
      typewriter and threw it around the room and made it beg for
      mercy.  At this point the typewriter pleaded for me to dress
      him in feminine attire but instead I pressed his margin release
      over and over again until the typewriter lost consciousness.
      Presently, I regained consciousness and realized with shame what
      I had done.  My shame is gone and now I am looking for a
      submissive typewriter, any color, or model.  No electric
      typewriters please!
                        --Rick Kleiner
I just thought of something funny...your mother.
- Cheech Marin
So so is good, very good, very excellent good:
and yet it is not; it is but so so.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.
Many people write memos to tell you they have nothing to say.
A penny saved has not been spent.
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
Awash with unfocused desire, Everett twisted the lobe of his one remaining
ear and felt the presence of somebody else behind him, which caused terror
to push through his nervous system like a flash flood roaring down the
mid-fork of the Feather River before the completion of the Oroville Dam
in 1959.
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.
Kinkler's First Law:
	Responsibility always exceeds authority.

Kinkler's Second Law:
	All the easy problems have been solved.
QOTD:
	"I used to be lost in the shuffle, now I just shuffle along with
	the lost."
Everyone has a purpose in life.  Perhaps yours is watching television.
- David Letterman
Half Moon tonight.  (At least it's better than no Moon at all.)
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
We have DIFFERENT amounts of HAIR --
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
		-- Totie Fields
Yinkel, n.:
	A person who combs his hair over his bald spot, hoping no one
	will notice.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
Ralph's Observation:
	It is a mistake to let any mechanical object realise that you
	are in a hurry.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on,
so I woke up from sheer boredom.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Come, let us hasten to a higher plane,
Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn,
Their indices bedecked from one to _n,
Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
Mohandas K. Gandhi often changed his mind publicly.  An aide once asked him
how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week.
The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.
The world is coming to an end ... SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!!
Brain fried -- Core dumped
What does education often do?  It makes a straight cut ditch of a
free meandering brook.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.
Remember Darwin; building a better mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
		-- Lily Tomlin
A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
		-- Lillian Day
My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"
	"But Huey, you PROMISED!"
	"Tell 'em I lied."
Planet Claire has pink hair.
All the trees are red.
No one ever dies there.
No one has a head....
An aphorism is never exactly true; it is either a half-truth or
one-and-a-half truths.
		-- Karl Kraus
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he
was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
		-- Mark Twain
Teamwork is essential -- it allows you to blame someone else.
"I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums."
		-- Steven Wright
The Constitution may not be perfect, but it's a lot better than what we've got!
Meade's Maxim:
	Always remember that you are absolutely unique, just like everyone else.
Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
"The identical is equal to itself, since it is different."
		-- Franco Spisani
 "Someone's been mean to you! Tell me who it is, so I can punch him tastefully."
-- Ralph Bakshi's Mighty Mouse
"I once witnessed a long-winded, month-long flamewar over the use of
mice vs. trackballs...It was very silly."
(By Matt Welsh)
As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?
The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"
I gave my love an Apple, that had no core;
I gave my love a building, that had no floor;
I wrote my love a program, that had no end;
I gave my love an upgrade, with no cryin'.

How can there be an Apple, that has no core?
How can there be a building, that has no floor?
How can there be a program, that has no end?
How can there be an upgrade, with no cryin'?

An Apple's MOS memory don't use no core!
A building that's perfect, it has no flaw!
A program with GOTOs, it has no end!
I lied about the upgrade, with no cryin'!
The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination -- but the
combination is locked up in the safe.
		-- Peter DeVries
Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
Support your local church or synagogue.  Worship at Bank of America.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
		-- "Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
What did ya do with your burden and your cross?
Did you carry it yourself or did you cry?
You and I know that a burden and a cross,
Can only be carried on one man's back.
		-- Louden Wainwright III
She been married so many times she got rice marks all over her face.
		-- Tom Waits
The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.  The batter
swang and missed.  The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the
batter connected.  He hit a high fly right to the center fielder.  The
center fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his
eyes were blound by the sun and he dropped it.
		-- Dizzy Dean
He thinks the Gettysburg Address is where Lincoln lived.
		-- Wanda, "A Fish Called Wanda"
You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
		-- Smile, "Was (Not Was)"
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields
Sold in a market down in New Orleans
Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright
Hear him whip the women, just around midnight

Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should

Drums beating cold English blood runs hot
Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop
House boy knows that he's doing alright
You should a heard him just around midnight.
...
I bet your mama was tent show queen
And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen
I'm no school boy but I know what I like
You should have heard me just around midnight.
		-- Rolling Stones, "Brown Sugar"
Many a man who thinks he's going on a maiden voyage with
a woman finds out later that it was just a shake-down cruise.
My EARS are GONE!!
Brontosaurus Principle:
	Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them
	in relation to their environment and to their own physiology:  when
	this occurs, they are an endangered species.
		-- Thomas K. Connellan
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a
hole in his head.
1: No code table for op: ++post
You are an excellent tactician, Captain.  You let your second in
command attack while you sit and watch for weakness.
		-- Khan Noonian Singh, "Space Seed", stardate 3141.9
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
In Pocatello, Idaho, a law passed in 1912 provided that "The carrying
of concealed weapons is forbidden, unless same are exhibited to public view."
Chihuahuas drive me crazy.  I can't stand anything that shivers when it's warm.
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
Crime does not pay ... as well as politics.
		-- Alfred E. Newman
Do you think your mother and I should have lived comfortably so long
together if ever we had been married?
Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proven innocent.
- George Orwell
"Ada is PL/I trying to be Smalltalk.
-- Codoso diBlini
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a
mountain top.
There's nothing remarkable about it.  All one has to do is hit the right
keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
		-- J.S. Bach
Whatever it is, I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun,
With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done.
The deal was made in Denmark, on a dark and stormy day,
So he set out for Biafra, to join the bloody fray.
Through sixty-six and seven, they fought the Congo war,
With their fingers on their triggers, knee deep in gore.
Days and nights they battled, the Bantu to their knees,
They killed to earn their living, and to help out the Congolese.
	Roland the Thompson gunner...
His comrades fought beside him, Van Owen and the rest,
But of all the Thompson gunners, Roland was the best.
So the C.I.A decided, they wanted Roland dead,
That son-of-a-bitch Van Owen, blew off Roland's head.
	Roland the headless Thompson gunner...
Roland searched the continent, for the man who'd done him in.
He found him in Mombasa, in a bar room drinking gin,
Roland aimed his Thompson gun, he didn't say a word,
But he blew Van Owen's body from there to Johannesburg.
The eternal Thompson gunner, still wandering through the night,
Now it's ten years later, but he stills keeps up the fight.
In Ireland, in Lebanon, in Palestine, in Berkeley,
Patty Hearst... heard the burst... of Roland's Thompson gun, and bought it.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner"
"Here comes Mr. Bill's dog."
-- Narrator, Saturday Night Live
You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty spray paint cans
in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.
To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
"You don't go out and kick a mad dog.  If you have a mad dog with rabies, you
take a gun and shoot him."
-- Pat Robertson, TV Evangelist, about Muammar Kadhafy
H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L. Mencken --
there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.
		-- Maxwell Bodenheim
You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
		-- Eugene Ionesco
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
Where's the Coke machine?  Tell me a joke!!
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
I want the presidency so bad I can already taste the hors d'oeuvres.
Chemist who falls in acid is absorbed in work.
Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
		-- Lily Tomlin
Is your job running?  You'd better go catch it!
Ogden's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
God doesn't play dice.
		-- Albert Einstein
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
Not with a bang but with a whimper.
		-- T.S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"
Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.
If I were to walk on water, the press would say I'm only doing it
because I can't swim.
		-- Bob Stanfield
"Faith:  not *wanting* to know what is true."
-- Friedrich Nietzsche
The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange
protein -- it rejects it.
		-- P. Medawar
On-line, adj.:
	The idea that a human being should always be accessible to a computer.
Work expands to fill the time available.
		-- Cyril Northcote Parkinson, "The Economist", 1955
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only
say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
			-- Gifts for Children --

This is easy.  You never have to figure out what to get for children,
because they will tell you exactly what they want.  They spend months and
months researching these kinds of things by watching Saturday- morning
cartoon-show advertisements.  Make sure you get your children exactly what
they ask for, even if you disapprove of their choices.  If your child thinks
he wants Murderous Bob, the Doll with the Face You Can Rip Right Off, you'd
better get it.  You may be worried that it might help to encourage your
child's antisocial tendencies, but believe me, you have not seen antisocial
tendencies until you've seen a child who is convinced that he or she did not
get the right gift.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
I refuse to consign the whole male sex to the nursery.  I insist on
believing that some men are my equals.
		-- Brigid Brophy
Carson's Consolation:
	Nothing is ever a complete failure.
	It can always be used as a bad example.
It's no longer a question of staying healthy.  It's a question of finding
a sickness you like.
		-- Jackie Mason
"In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the
universe."
		-- Carl Sagan, Cosmos
If I could read your mind, love,
What a tale your thoughts could tell,
Just like a paperback novel,
The kind the drugstore sells,
When you reach the part where the heartaches come,
The hero would be me,
Heroes often fail,
You won't read that book again, because
	the ending is just too hard to take.

I walk away, like a movie star,
Who gets burned in a three way script,
Enter number two,
A movie queen to play the scene
Of bringing all the good things out in me,
But for now, love, let's be real
I never thought I could act this way,
And I've got to say that I just don't get it,
I don't know where we went wrong but the feeling is gone
And I just can't get it back...
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "If You Could Read My Mind"
Might as well be frank, monsieur.  It would take a miracle to get you out
of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
		-- Casablanca
We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the
bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster.  It seems
almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the
oyster.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the
shoulders of giants.
		-- Isaac Newton

In the sciences, we are now uniquely priviledged to sit side by side with
the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
		-- Gerald Holton

If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on
my shoulders.
		-- Hal Abelson

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
		-- Gauss

Mathemeticians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists
stand on each other's toes.
		-- Richard Hamming

It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.  If
this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and
software engineers dig each other's graves.
		-- Unknown
'Twas midnight on the ocean,		Her children all were orphans,
Not a streetcar was in sight,		Except one a tiny tot,
So I stepped into a cigar store		Who had a home across the way
To ask them for a light.		Above a vacant lot.

The man	behind the counter		As I gazed through the oaken door
Was a woman, old and gray,		A whale went drifting by,
Who used to peddle doughnuts		Its six legs hanging in the air,
On the road to Mandalay.		So I kissed her goodbye.

She said "Good morning, stranger",	This story has a morale
Her eyes were dry with tears,		As you can plainly see,
As she put her head between her feet	Don't mix your gin with whiskey
And stood that way for years.		On the deep and dark blue sea.
		-- Midnight On The Ocean
Turn the other cheek.
		-- Jesus Christ
A dead man cannot bite.
		-- Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey)
Blessed are they that have nothing to say, and who cannot be persuaded
to say it.
		-- James Russell Lowell
If while you are in school, there is a shortage of qualified personnel
in a particular field, then by the time you graduate with the necessary
qualifications, that field's employment market is glutted.
		-- Marguerite Emmons
	A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender,
"Do you serve lawyers here?".
	"Sure do," replied the bartender.
	"Good," said the man.  "Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for
my 'gator."
We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere
Go 'way!  You're bothering me!
Real programmers don't draw flowcharts.  Flowcharts are, after all, the
illiterate's form of documentation.  Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how
much good it did them.
The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is that they
serve to represent the complex of our experiences; beyond this they have
no legitimacy.
		-- Albert Einstein
Hi!  You have reached 555-0129. None of us are here to answer the phone and
the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible.  Please
leave your name and message after the beep...
Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim
And earthquakes only terrify the dolts,
And to him who's scientific
There is nothing that's terrific
In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
		-- W.S. Gilbert, "The Mikado"
You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if you ask that dog what his
favorite formatter is, and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...
FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#37
	Can you name the seven seas?
		Antartic, Artic, North Atlantic, South Atlantic, Indian,
		North Pacific, South Pacific.
	Can you name the seven dwarfs from Snow White?
		Doc, Dopey, Sneezy, Happy, Grumpy, Sleepy and Bashful.
I worked in a health food store once.  A guy came in and asked me,
"If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
		-- Steven Wright
Optimization hinders evolution.
"Never ascribe to malice that which is caused by greed and ignorance."
-- Cal Keegan
The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed, a problem, but
not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith
"He don't know me vewy well, DO he?"   -- Bugs Bunny
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.
Only two groups of people fall for flattery -- men and women.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine
There is a fly on your nose.
We are using Linux daily to UP our productivity - so UP yours!
(Adapted from Pat Paulsen by Joe Sloan)
A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from
the vexation of thinking.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson, Journals, 1831
Byte your tongue.
One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't
understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was
reknowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the
time, which obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be
puzzled rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
There is a certain frame of mind to which a cemetery is, if not an antidote,
at least an alleviation.  If you are in a fit of the blues, go nowhere else.
	--Robert Louis Stevenson: Immortelles
Eisenhower!!  Your mimeograph machine upsets my stomach!!
Something better...

13 (sympathetic): Oh, What happened?  Did your parents lose a bet with God?
14 (complimentary): You must love the little birdies to give them this to
	perch on.
15 (scientific): Say, does that thing there influence the tides?
16 (obscure): Oh, I'd hate to see the grindstone.
17 (inquiry): When you stop to smell the flowers, are they afraid?
18 (french): Say, the pigs have refused to find any more truffles until you
	leave.
19 (pornographic): Finally, a man who can satisfy two women at once.
20 (religious): The Lord giveth and He just kept on giving, didn't He.
21 (disgusting): Say, who mows your nose hair?
22 (paranoid): Keep that guy away from my cocaine!
23 (aromatic): It must be wonderful to wake up in the morning and smell the
	coffee ... in Brazil.
24 (appreciative): Oooo, how original.  Most people just have their teeth
	capped.
25 (dirty): Your name wouldn't be Dick, would it?
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"
Basic Definitions of Science:
	If it's green or wiggles, it's biology.
	If it stinks, it's chemistry.
	If it doesn't work, it's physics.
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985:
	From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved
	in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from exploding bombs
	damage my videotapes?"
MIPS:
	Meaningless Indicator of Processor Speed
"I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid"
-- the artificial person, from _Aliens_
The most delightful day after the one on which you buy a cottage in
the country is the one on which you resell it.
		-- J. Brecheux
A friend in need is a pest indeed.
In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but
the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they
have obtained from books of travel.
		-- Mark Twain
A triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene triangle.
Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a terminal until the drops
of blood form on your forehead.
Kaufman's Law:
	A policy is a restrictive document to prevent a recurrence
	of a single incident, in which that incident is never mentioned.
"Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people"
		-- Blore
... Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an
inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.  Most notably I have
ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.  Well, I
haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected
it.  There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between 
prejudice and postjudice.  Prejudice is making a judgment before you have
looked at the facts.  Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.  Prejudice
is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious
mistakes.  Postjudice is not terrible.  You can't be perfect of course; you
may make mistakes also.  But it is permissible to make a judgment after you
have examined the evidence.  In some circles it is even encouraged.
		-- Carl Sagan, "The Burden of Skepticism"
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
		-- Mae West
It happened that a fire broke out backstage in a theater.  The clown came
out to inform the public.  They thought it was just a jest and applauded.
He repeated his warning, they shouted even louder.  So I think the world
will come to an end amid general applause from all the wits, who believe
that it is a joke.
Beggars should be no choosers.
		-- John Heywood
If you want me to be a good little bunny just dangle some carats in front
of my nose.
		-- Lauren Bacall
I'm glad I was not born before tea.
		-- Sidney Smith (1771-1845)
There was this New Yorker that had a lifelong ambition to be an Texan.
Fortunately, he had an Texan friend and went to him for advice.  "Mike,
you know I've always wanted to be a Texan.  You're a *____real* Texan, what
should I do?"
	"Well," answered Mike, "The first thing you've got to do is look
like a Texan.  That means you have to dress right.  The second thing
you've got to do is speak in a southern drawl."
	"Thanks, Mike, I'll give it a try," replied the New Yorker.
	A few weeks passed and the New Yorker saunters into a store dressed
in a ten-gallon hat, cowboy boots, Levi jeans and a bandanna.  "Hey, there,
pardner, I'd like some beef, not too rare, and some of them fresh biscuits,"
he tells the counterman.
	The guy behind the counter takes a long look at him and then says,
"You must be from New York."
	The New Yorker blushes, and says, "Well, yes, I am.  How did
you know?"
	"Because this is a hardware store."
One may be able to quibble about the quality of a single experiment, or
about the veracity of a given experimenter, but, taking all the supportive
experiments together, the weight of evidence is so strong as readily to
merit a wise man's reflection.
- Professor William Tiller, parapsychologist, Standford University,
  commenting on psi research
Yawd [noun, Bostonese]:  the campus of Have Id.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary
The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schulz
Observe yon plumed biped fine.
To activate its captivation,
Deposit on its termination,
A quantity of particles saline.
Love sometimes expresses itself in sacrifice.
		-- Kirk, "Metamorphosis", stardate 3220.3
To teach is to learn twice.
		-- Joseph Joubert
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
Twenty years of romance make a woman look like a ruin; but twenty years of
marriage make her something like a public building.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Creditor, n.:
	A man who has a better memory than a debtor.
How doth the little crocodile
	Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
	On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
	How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
	With gently smiling jaws!
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Alice in Wonderland"
"Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and 
those inside desperate to get out."
-- Montaigne
VMS version 2.0 ==>
He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.
Yeah, there are more important things in life than money, but they won't go
out with you if you don't have any.
Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
		-- Walt Disney
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
Hark ye, Clinker, you are a most notorious offender.  You stand convicted of
sickness, hunger, wretchedness, and want.
		-- Tobias Smollet
An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New
Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not
new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax.
		-- David Letterman
ignorance, n.:
	When you don't know anything, and someone else finds out.
And yet, seasons must be taken with a grain of salt, for they too have
a sense of humor, as does history.  Corn stalks comedy, comedy stalks
tragedy, and this too is historic.  And yet, still, when corn meets
tragedy face to face, we have politics.
		-- Dalglish, Larsen and Sutherland, "Root Crops and
		   Ground Cover"
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
		-- Clare Booth Luce, quoted in "The Wit of Women"
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
		-- Mark Twain
The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable
that I assume it must be evil.
		-- Heywood Broun
I am NOMAD!
Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts
to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
		-- Albert Einstein
We are each only one drop in a great ocean -- but some of the drops sparkle!
If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it,
we would be so simple we couldn't.
HUGH BEAUMONT died in 1982!!
Courage is your greatest present need.
Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virute
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
What PROGRAM are they watching?
People say I live in my own little fantasy world... well, at least they
*know* me there!
		-- D.L. Roth
History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts
them asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing
grub, at intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...
Truly the imago state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every
moult is a step gained.
- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"
If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.
You now have Asian Flu.
LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing
Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Chapterhouse: Dune"
... Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of
the person making the claim, not the critic.  It is not the responsibility
of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the
responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals
or colored lights never healed anyone.  The skeptic's role is to point out
claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidcence and to
provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with
the accepted body of scientific evidence. ...
- Thomas L. Creed, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, pg. 215
"I have more information in one place than anybody in the world."  
-- Jerry Pournelle, an absurd notion, apparently about the BIX BBS
Never trust anyone who says money is no object.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
		-- Will Rogers
FORTRAN?  The syntactically incorrect statement "DO 10 I = 1.10" will parse and
generate code creating a variable, DO10I, as follows: "DO10I = 1.10"  If that
doesn't terrify you, it should.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
boss, n:
	According to the Oxford English Dictionary, in the Middle Ages the
	words "boss" and "botch" were largely synonymous, except that boss,
	in addition to meaning "a supervisor of workers" also meant "an
	ornamental stud."
The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
	[so say said sentence sextuply...]
IT MAKES ME MAD when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about
a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, "You can't throw
that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish."

Sure they eat fish if that's all you give them!  Man, wise up.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
Sic transit gloria mundi.
	[So passes away the glory of this world.]
		-- Thomas `a Kempis
I've finally found the perfect girl,
I couldn't ask for more,
She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed,
And owns a liquor store.
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
		-- Billy Sunday
Unix is a Registered Bell of AT&T Trademark Laboratories.
		-- Donn Seeley
"Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint."
-- Dave Sim, author of Cerebrus.
In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
		-- Martin Mull
Zeus gave Leda the bird.
There are two kinds of pedestrians... the quick and the dead.
		-- Lord Thomas Rober Dewar
Live free or die.
If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the
shoulders of giants.
		-- Isaac Newton

In the sciences, we are now uniquely priviledged to sit side by side with
the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
		-- Gerald Holton

If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on
my shoulders.
		-- Hal Abelson

Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
		-- Gauss

Mathemeticians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists
stand on each other's toes.
		-- Richard Hamming

It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.  If
this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and
software engineers dig each other's graves.
		-- Unknown
HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME --
	Take a shot every time:

-- Sergeant Schultz says, "I knoooooowww nooooothing!"
-- General Burkhalter or Major Hochstetter intimidate/insult Colonel Klink.
-- Colonel Klink falls for Colonel Hogan's flattery.
-- One of the prisoners sneaks out of camp (one shot for each prisoner to go).
-- Colonel Klink snaps to attention after answering the phone (two shots
	if it's one of our heroes on the other end).
-- One of the Germans is threatened with being sent to the Russian front.
-- Corporal Newkirk calls up a German in his phoney German accent, and
	tricks him (two shots if it's Colonel Klink).
-- Hogan has a romantic interlude with a beautiful girl from the underground.
-- Colonel Klink relates how he's never had an escape from Stalag 13.
-- Sergeant Schultz gives up a secret (two shots if he's bribed with food).
-- The prisoners listen to the Germans' conversation by a hidden transmitter.
-- Sergeant Schultz "captures" one of the prisoners after an escape.
-- Lebeau pronounces "colonel" as "cuh-loh-`nell".
-- Carter builds some kind of device (two shots if it's not explosive).
-- Lebeau wears his apron.
-- Hogan says "We've got no choice" when someone claims that the plan is
	impossible.
-- The prisoners capture an important German, and sneak him out the tunnel.
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
		-- Aristotle Onassis
insecurity, n.:
	Finding out that you've mispronounced for years one of your
	favorite words.

	Realizing halfway through a joke that you're telling it to
	the person who told it to you.
A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well
schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.
		-- Donald Knuth
"A dirty mind is a joy forever."
-- Randy Kunkee
Increased knowledge will help you now.  Have mate's phone bugged.
"Twas bergen and the eirie road
Did mahwah into patterson:		"Beware the Hopatcong, my son!
All jersey were the ocean groves,	The teeth that bite, the nails
And the red bank bayonne.			that claw!
					Beware the bound brook bird, and shun
He took his belmar blade in hand:	The kearney communipaw."
Long time the folsom foe he sought
Till rested he by a bayway tree		And, as in nutley thought he stood,
And stood a while in thought.		The Hopatcong with eyes of flame,
					Came whippany through the englewood,
One, two, one, two, and through		And garfield as it came.
	and through
The belmar blade went hackensack!	"And hast thou slain the Hopatcong?
He left it dead and with it's head	Come to my arms, my perth amboy!
He went weehawken back.			Hohokus day!  Soho!  Rahway!"
					He caldwell in his joy.
Did mahwah into patterson:
All jersey were the ocean groves,
And the red bank bayonne.
		-- Paul Kieffer
IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.
The most dangerous food is wedding cake.
		-- American proverb
Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence.
Cheese -- milk's leap toward immortality.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"
Delay is preferable to error.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
	"What happened to the crewman?"
	"The M-5 computer needed a new power source, the crewman merely got in
the way."
		-- Kirk and Dr. Richard Daystrom, "The Ultimate Computer",
		   stardate 4731.3.
Variables don't; constants aren't.
You may be sure that when a man begins to call himself a "realist," he
is preparing to do something he is secretly ashamed of doing.
		-- Sydney Harris
The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
		-- Merrick Furst
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"
It was all so different before everything changed.
The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to
smoke is a right worth dying for.
Someone is speaking well of you.

How unusual!
"The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in bed with a dead 
girl or a live boy."
-- Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards
The more I know men the more I like my horse.
Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
There is one difference between a tax collector and a taxidermist --
the taxidermist leaves the hide.
		-- Mortimer Caplan
If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine, you won't
get any ice.  If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get ice, but no cup.
"Unlike most net.puritans, however, I feel that what OTHER consenting computers
 do in the privacy of their own phone connections is their own business."
-- John Woods, jfw@eddie.mit.edu
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #29:

THE JUDGE: Now, as we begin, I must ask you to banish all present
	   information and prejudice from your minds, if you have any ...
Some husbands are living proof that a woman can take a joke.
A fool and his money are soon popular.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
The Commandments of the EE:

 (9)	Trifle thee not with radioactive tubes and substances lest thou
	commence to glow in the dark like a lightning bug, and thy wife be
	frustrated and have not further use for thee except for thy wages.
(10)	Commit thou to memory all the words of the prophets which are
	written down in thy Bible which is the National Electrical Code,
	and giveth out with the straight dope and consoleth thee when
	thou hast suffered a ream job by the chief electrician.
(11)	When thou muckest about with a device in an unthinking and/or
	unknowing manner, thou shalt keep one hand in thy pocket.  Better
	that thou shouldest keep both hands in thy pockets than
	experimentally determine the electrical potential of an
	innocent-seeming device.
This is your fortune.
Oatmeal raisin.
Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson
One evening Mr. Rudolph Block, of New York, found himself seated at dinner
alongside Mr. Percival Pollard, the distinguished critic.
   "Mr. Pollard," said he, "my book, _The Biography of a Dead Cow_, is
 published anonymously, but you can hardly be ignorant of its authorship.
 Yet in reviewing it you speak of it as the work of the Idiot of the Century.
 Do you think that fair criticism?"
   "I am very sorry, sir," replied the critic, amiably, "but it did not
occur to me that you really might not wish the public to know who wrote it."
-- Ambrose Bierce
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
Ladybug, ladybug,
Look to your stern!
Your house is on fire,
Your children will burn!
So jump ye and sing, for
The very first time
The four lines above
Have been put into rhyme.
		-- Walt Kelly
This fortune cookie program out of order.  For those in desperate need,
please use the program "________randchar".  This program generates random
characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come up with
something profound.  It will, however, take it no time at all to be
more profound than THIS program has ever been.
What a strange game.  The only winning move is not to play.
		-- WOP, "War Games"
If a team is in a positive frame of mind, it will have a good attitude.
If it has a good attitude, it will make a commitment to playing the
game right.  If it plays the game right, it will win -- unless, of
course, it doesn't have enough talent to win, and no manager can make
goose-liver pate out of goose feathers, so why worry?
		-- Sparky Anderson
You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.
Hideously disfigured by an ancient Indian curse?

		WE CAN HELP!

Call (511) 338-0959 for an immediate appointment.
HUGH BEAUMONT died in 1982!!
We don't like their sound.  Groups of guitars are on the way out.
		-- Decca Recording Company, turning down the Beatles, 1962
The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the
people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people
drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
		-- Gore Vidal
"I honestly believe that the doctrine of hell was born in the glittering eyes
of snakes that run in frightful coils watching for their prey.  I believe
it was born with the yelping, howling, growling and snarling of wild beasts...
I despise it, I defy it, and I hate it."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
Cinemuck, n.:
	The combination of popcorn, soda, and melted chocolate which
	covers the floors of movie theaters.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
"Your butt is mine."
-- Michael Jackson, Bad
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
...Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an
inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.  Most notably I have
ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.  Well, I
haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected it.
There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between 
prejudice and postjudice.  Prejudice is making a judgment before you have
looked at the facts.  Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.  Prejudice
is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious
mistakes.  Postjudice is not terrible.  You can't be perfect of course; you
may make mistakes also.  But it is permissible to make a judgment after you
have examined the evidence.  In some circles it is even encouraged.
- Carl Sagan, The Burden of Skepticism, Skeptical Enquirer, Vol. 12, pg. 46
"Confound these ancestors.... They've stolen our best ideas!"
- Ben Jonson
Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.

Corollary:
	Following the rules will not get the job done.
Were these parsnips CORRECTLY MARINATED in TACO SAUCE?
Come live with me and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands and crystal brooks
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
There's nothing that I wouldn't do
If you would be my POSSLQ.

You live with me, and I with you,
And you will be my POSSLQ.
I'll be your friend and so much more;
That's what a POSSLQ is for.

And everything we will confess;
Yes, even to the IRS.
Some day on what we both may earn,
Perhaps we'll file a joint return.
You'll share my pad, my taxes, joint;
You'll share my life - up to a point!
And that you'll be so glad to do,
Because you'll be my POSSLQ.
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.  You'll learn a lot today.
QOTD:
	"If I'm what I eat, I'm a chocolate chip cookie."
Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.
I think that all good, right thinking people in this country are sick and
tired of being told that all good, right thinking people in this country are
fed up with being told that all good, right thinking people in this country
are fed up with being sick and tired.  I'm certainly not, and I'm sick and
tired of being told that I am!
		-- Monty Python
Hanlon's Razor:
	Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained
	by stupidity.
Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next
week, next month and next year.  And to have the ability afterwards to
explain why it didn't happen.
		-- Winston Churchill
Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
panic: can't find /
Scott's First Law:
	No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.

Scott's Second Law:
	When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found
	to have been wrong in the first place.
Corollary:
	After the correction has been found in error, it will be
	impossible to fit the original quantity back into the
	equation.
"Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper .... everyone was
eating paper and a policeman was at the door.  Now all you have to do is
bend a disk."
- an anonymous member of the outlawed Polish trade union, Solidarity, 
  commenting on the benefits of using computers in support of their movement
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances
are 50-50 it will.
Performance:
	A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.  Or
	rather, might work under certain circumstances.  Or was rumored
	to be working over in Jersey about a month ago.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.
hangover, n.:
	The wrath of grapes.
This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.  And now you know why.
egrep patterns are full regular expressions; it uses a fast deterministic
algorithm that sometimes needs exponential space.
-- unix manuals
NOWPRINT. NOWPRINT. Clemclone, back to the shadows again.
- The Firesign Theater
Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
		-- Frank Tyger
The English country gentleman galloping after a fox -- the unspeakable
in full pursuit of the uneatable.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "A Woman of No Importance"
Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny
zeal, n.:
	Quality seen in new graduates -- if you're quick.
Delta: The kids will love our inflatable slides.    -- David Letterman
  "Emergency!"  Sgiggs screamed, ejecting himself from the tub like it was
a burning car.  "Dial 'one'!  Get room service!  Code red!"  Stiggs was on
the phone immediately, ordering more rose blossoms, because, according to
him, the ones floating in the tub had suddenly lost their smell.  "I demand
smell," he shrilled.  "I expecting total uninterrupted smell from these
f*cking roses."

  Unfortunately, the service captain didn't realize that the Stiggs situation
involved fifty roses.  "What am I going to do with this?" Stiggs sneered at
the weaseling hotel goon when he appeared at our door holding a single flower
floating in a brandy glass.  Stiggs's tirade was great.  "Do you see this
bathtub?  Do you notice any difference between the size of the tub and the
size of that spindly wad of petals in your hand?  I need total bath coverage.
I need a completely solid layer of roses all around me like puffing factories
of smell, attacking me with their smell and power-ramming big stinking
concentrations of rose odor up my nostrils until I'm wasted with pleasure."
It wasn't long before we got so dissatisfied with this incompetence that we
bolted.
-- The Utterly Monstrous, Mind-Roasting Summer of O.C. and Stiggs,
   National Lampoon, October 1982
Surprise due today.  Also the rent.
Academicians care, that's who.
A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.
The decision doesn't have to be logical; it was unanimous.
Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."
I'm RELIGIOUS!!  I love a man with a HAIRPIECE!!  Equip me with MISSILES!!
If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
		-- Arthur Kasspe
Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.  Most of us have gears we never use.
		-- C. Schultz
Will this never-ending series of PLEASURABLE EVENTS never cease?
Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.
There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when
the boss asks for a lift home from the office.
People think my friend George is weird because he wears sideburns...behind his 
ears.  I think he's weird because he wears false teeth...with braces on them.
-- Steven Wright
	[I plan] to see, hear, touch, and destroy everything in my path,
including beets, rutabagas, and most random vegetables, but excluding yams,
as I am absolutely terrified of yams...
	Actually, I think my fear of yams began in my early youth, when many
of my young comrades pelted me with same for singing songs of far-off lands
and deep blue seas in a language closely resembling that of the common sow.
My psychosis was further impressed into my soul as I reached adolescence,
when, while skipping through a field of yams, light-heartedly tossing flowers
into the stratosphere, a great yam-picking machine tore through the fields,
pursuing me to the edge of the great plantation, where I escaped by diving
into a great ditch filled with a mixture of water and pig manure, which may
explain my tendency to scream, "Here come the Martians!  Hide the eggs!" every
time I have pork.  But I digress.  The fact remains that I cannot rationally
deal with yams, and pigs are terrible conversationalists.
I know engineers.  They love to change things.
- Dr. McCoy
Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
		-- Daniel Dennett
A musician, an artist, an architect:
	the man or woman who is not one of these is not a Christian.
		-- William Blake
Why is it that when you DIE, you can't take your HOME ENTERTAINMENT
CENTER with you??
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could
have poured on a waffle ...
Quit worrying about your health.  It'll go away.
		-- Robert Orben
Lack of skill dictates economy of style.
- Joey Ramone
The only thing worse than X Windows: (X Windows) - X
Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is stored as well
as destroy the object on which it is poured.
Eisenhower!!  Your mimeograph machine upsets my stomach!!
Air is water with holes in it.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
		-- Milton Friendman
Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other
forms that have been tried from time to time.
		-- Winston Churchill
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
Reformed, n.:
	A synagogue that closes for the Jewish holidays.
If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
		-- Dave Johnson, on dead seagulls
"This knowledge I pursure is the finest pleasure I have ever known.  I could
no sooner give it up that I could the very air that I breath."
-- Paolo Uccello, Renaissance artist, discoverer of the laws of perspective
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.
The PILLSBURY DOUGHBOY is CRYING for an END to BURT REYNOLDS movies!!
"We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand."
-- James Watt
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Things equal to nothing else are equal to each other.
Life is like a simile.
The first time, it's a KLUDGE!
The second, a trick.
Later, it's a well-established technique!
		-- Mike Broido, Intermetrics
Never buy from a rich salesman.
		-- Goldenstern
Keep women you cannot.  Marry them and they come to hate the way you walk
across the room; remain their lover, and they jilt you at the end of six
months.
		-- Moore
I'D LIKE TO BE BURIED INDIAN-STYLE, where they put you up on a high rack,
above the ground.  That way, you could get hit by meteorites and not even
feel it.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.
"Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy
of him that brought her birth."
-- Milton
Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).
"His eyes were cold.  As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling
outside.  Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew..."
Fortune's Contribution of the Month to the Animal Rights Debate:

	I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine.
	"Hey you, get off my plate"
		-- Roger Midnight
"Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure that you're the 
one holding it"
-- Captain Combat
No man can have a reasonable opinion of women until he has long lost
interest in hair restorers.
	-- Austin O'Malley
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.  Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
		-- Stanley Kubrick
The countdown had stalled at 'T' minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first
female ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick,
rubbery lips unmistakably -- the first of many such advances during what
would prove to be the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my
career.
		-- Winning sentence, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority
over the other.
		-- Honore DeBalzac
Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.
	Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
	The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool!  Let go, and that current
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
	But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
	And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
	But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
		-- Richard Bach
Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky
Simon's Law:
	Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.
I don't understand you anymore.
[From an announcement of a congress of the International Ontopsychology
Association, in Rome]:

The Ontopsychological school, availing itself of new research criteria and
of a new telematic epistemology, maintains that social modes do not spring
from dialectics of territory or of class, or of consumer goods, or of means
of power, but rather from dynamic latencies capillarized in millions of
individuals in system functions which, once they have reached the event
maturation, burst forth in catastrophic phenomenology engaging a suitable
stereotype protagonist or duty marionette (general, president, political
party, etc.) to consummate the act of social schizophrenia in mass genocide.
I hear what you're saying but I just don't care.
Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
Presidency:  The greased pig in the field game of American politics.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Delta: We're Amtrak with wings.    -- David Letterman
Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches.  If the vending machine
doesn't sell it, they don't eat it.  Vending machines don't sell quiche.
YOW!!  Up ahead!  It's a DONUT HUT!!
There's no future in time travel.
I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so desperately
anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
		-- Saki, "Reginald on Worries"
They just buzzed and buzzed...buzzed.
Did you know ...

That no-one ever reads these things?
Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
		-- G. Blaauw, one of the designers of System 360
Finagle's Seventh Law:
	The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people.
		-- U.S. Constitution, Amendment 10. (Bill of Rights)
"The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests
and to his imagination for his facts."
		-- Sheridan
"Why must you tell me all your secrets when it's hard enough to love
you knowing nothing?"
		-- Lloyd Cole and the Commotions
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't
understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
	"I'm dying," he croaked.
	"My experiment was a success," the chemist retorted .
	"You can't really train a beagle," he dogmatized.
	"That's no beagle, it's a mongrel," she muttered.
	"The fire is going out," he bellowed.
	"Bad marksmanship," the hunter groused.
	"You ought to see a psychiatrist," he reminded me.
	"You snake," she rattled.
	"Someone's at the door," she chimed.
	"Company's coming," she guessed.
	"Dawn came too soon," she mourned.
	"I think I'll end it all," Sue sighed.
	"I ordered chocolate, not vanilla," I screamed.
	"Your embroidery is sloppy," she needled cruelly.
	"Where did you get this meat?" he bridled hoarsely.
		-- Gyles Brandreth, "The Joy of Lex"
Support your right to bare arms!
		-- A message from the National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association
Vulcans worship peace above all.
		-- McCoy, "Return to Tomorrow", stardate 4768.3
A Difficulty for Every Solution.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service
Data, n.:
	Computerspeak for "information".  Properly pronounced
	the way Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.
I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
		-- Chico Marx
Having no talent is no longer enough.
		-- Gore Vidal
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
		-- Arthur Miller
Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice... moderation in the pursuit
of justice is no virtue.
		-- Barry Goldwater
	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.
Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the double lock will keep;
May no brick through the window break,
And, no one rob me till I awake.
Only fools are quoted.
		-- Anonymous
You will be run over by a bus.
My BIOLOGICAL ALARM CLOCK just went off ... It has noiseless DOZE
FUNCTION and full kitchen!!
When I saw a sign on the freeway that said, "Los Angeles 445 miles," I said
to myself, "I've got to get out of this lane."
		-- Franklyn Ajaye
	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up
at the steam fitters' picnic.
I was offered a job as a hoodlum and I turned it down cold.  A thief is
anybody who gets out and works for his living, like robbing a bank or
breaking into a place and stealing stuff, or kidnapping somebody.  He really
gives some effort to it.  A hoodlum is a pretty lousy sort of scum.  He
works for gangsters and bumps guys off when they have been put on the spot.
Why, after I'd made my rep, some of the Chicago Syndicate wanted me to work
for them as a hood -- you know, handling a machine gun.  They offered me
two hundred and fifty dollars a week and all the protection I needed.  I
was on the lam at the time and not able to work at my regular line.  But
I wouldn't consider it.  "I'm a thief," I said.  "I'm no lousy hoodlum."
		-- Alvin Karpis, "Public Enemy Number One"
Time washes clean
Love's wounds unseen.
That's what someone told me;
But I don't know what it means.
		-- Linda Ronstadt, "Long Long Time"
Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
		-- C3P0
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
		-- Albert Einstein
Faith is under the left nipple.
		-- Martin Luther
Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants
"Dump the condiments.  If we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good."
-- "Visionaries" cartoon
What an author likes to write most is his signature on the back of a cheque.
		-- Brendan Francis
Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
		-- Harry Emerson Fosdick
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
		-- Lao Tsu
NEVER swerve to hit a lawyer riding a bicycle -- it might be your bicycle.
Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.  Many
people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from.  The first syllable
comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg".  I don't know where
the "nog" comes from.

To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine gin and, if they are in
season, eggs...
Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.
		-- Hubert Kirrman
**** IMPORTANT ****  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE ****

Due to a recent systems overload error your recent disk files have been
erased.  Therefore, in accordance with the UNIX Basic Manual, University of
Washington Geophysics Manual, and Bylaw 9(c), Section XII of the Revised
Federal Communications Act, you are being granted Temporary Disk Space,
valid for three months from this date, subject to the restrictions set forth
in Appendix II of the Federal Communications Handbook (18th edition) as well
as the references mentioned herein.  You may apply for more disk space at any
time.  Disk usage in or above the eighth percentile will secure the removal
of all restrictions and you will immediately receive your permanent disk
space.  Disk usage in the sixth or seventh percentile will not effect the
validity of your temporary disk space, though its expiration date may be
extended for a period of up to three months.  A score in the fifth percentile
or below will result in the withdrawal of your Temporary Disk space.
Then, gently touching my face, she hesitated for a moment as her incredible
eyes poured forth into mine love, joy, pain, tragedy, acceptance, and peace.
"'Bye for now," she said warmly.
		-- Thea Alexander, "2150 A.D."
Indiana is a state dedicated to basketball.  Basketball, soybeans, hogs and
basketball.  Berkeley, needless to say, is not nearly as athletic.  Berkeley
is dedicated to coffee, angst, potholes and coffee.
		-- Carolyn Jones
Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
		-- John Keats
malpractice, n.:
	The reason surgeons wear masks.
St. Patrick was a gentleman
who through strategy and stealth
drove all the snakes from Ireland.
Here's a toasting to his health --
but not too many toastings
lest you lose yourself and then
forget the good St. Patrick
and see all those snakes again.
Yeah, there are more important things in life than money, but they won't go
out with you if you don't have any.
I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
		-- Bill Veeck
The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
		-- David Lardner
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your
brakes are defective.
Since we're all here, we must not be all there.
		-- Bob "Mountain" Beck
Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get
a prompt, type like hell.
I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.  A Chihuahua isn't a dog.  It's a rat
with a thyroid problem.
It's time to boot, do your boot ROMs know where your disk controllers are?
I left my WALLET in the BATHROOM!!
"Can you imagine how life could be improved if we could do away with
jealousy, greed, hate ..."

"It can also be improved by eliminating love, tenderness, sentiment --
the other side of the coin"
		-- Dr. Roger Corby and Kirk, "What are Little Girls Made Of?",
		   stardate 2712.4
	"Yes, let's consider," said Bruno, putting his thumb into his
mouth again, and sitting down upon a dead mouse.
	"What do you keep that mouse for?" I said.  "You should either
bury it or else throw it into the brook."
	"Why, it's to measure with!" cried Bruno.  "How ever would you
do a garden without one?  We make each bed three mouses and a half
long, and two mouses wide."
	I stopped him as he was dragging it off by the tail to show me
how it was used...
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Sylvie and Bruno"
April 1

This is the day upon which we are reminged of what we are on the other three
hundred and sixty-four.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Yevtushenko has... an ego that can crack crystal at a distance of twenty feet.
		-- John Cheever
A Linux machine! because a 486 is a terrible thing to waste!
(By jjs@wintermute.ucr.edu, Joe Sloan)
Dying is easy.  Comedy is difficult.
		-- Actor Edmond Gween, on his deathbed.
If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could
work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
		-- Douglas Jerrold
In Blythe, California, a city ordinance declares that a person must own
at least two cows before he can wear cowboy boots in public.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human
intelligence long enough to get money from it.
"Everybody is talking about the weather but nobody does anything about it."
-- Mark Twain
Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
		-- P.J. Plauger
Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
		-- Cadmus, to Pentheus, in "The Bacchae" by Euripides
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- F. Brooks, "The Mythical Man-Month"

Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by
close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and
scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
		-- George Washington, 1732-1799
E Pluribus Unix
			Pittsburgh Driver's Test

(8) Pedestrians are

	(a) irrelevant.
	(b) communists.
	(c) a nuisance.
	(d) difficult to clean off the front grille.

The correct answer is (a).  Pedestrians are not in cars, so they are
totally irrelevant to driving; you should ignore them completely.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.
And the French medical anatomist Etienne Serres really did argue that
black males are primitive because the distance between their navel and
penis remains small (relative to body height) throughout life, while
white children begin with a small separation but increase it during
growth -- the rising belly button as a mark of progress.
		-- S.J. Gould, "Racism and Recapitulation"
"If you want to eat hippopatomus, you've got to pay the freight."
-- attributed to an IBM guy, about why IBM software uses so much memory
Good evening, gentlemen.  I am a HAL 9000 computer.  I became operational
at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred
ninety-five.  My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a
song.  If you would like, I could sing it for you.
Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat.
		-- Bill Musselman
The goys have proven the following theorem...
		-- Physicist John von Neumann, at the start of a classroom
		   lecture.
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft ... and the
only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun
I'm a fuschia bowling ball somewhere in Brittany
	Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL
character named Jack.  Jack and his relations were poor.  Often their
hash table was bare.  One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices
are sparse.  You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some
BASICs."  She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it
to him.
	So Jack set out.  But as he was walking along a Hamilton path,
he met the traveling salesman.
	"Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman
in high-level language.
	"I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips
and Apples," commented Jack.
	"I have a much better algorithm.  You needn't join a queue
there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now."
	Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.  But when
he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she
started thrashing.
	"Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?  All these
kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the
window...
		-- Mark Isaak, "Jack and the Beanstack"
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use
in reading it at all.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.
If this is a service economy, why is the service so bad?
Dyslexics have more fnu.
What we Are is God's gift to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.
"We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
		-- Joel Halpern
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
"Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile."
		-- Karl Lehenbauer
Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Ignoring his department chief, and tying his assistant to an operating
table to prevent her interference, he placed a ureteral catheter into
a vein in his arm, advanced it to the right atrium [of his heart], and
walked upstairs to the x-ray department where he took the confirmatory
x-ray film.  In 1956, Dr. Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.
zeal, n.:
	Quality seen in new graduates -- if you're quick.
Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood
Is not that the nature of men and women -- that the pleasure is in the
learning of each other?
		-- Natira, the High Priestess of Yonada, "For the World is
		   Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky", stardate 5476.3.
Microsoft Corp., concerned by the growing popularity of the free 32-bit
operating system for Intel systems, Linux, has employed a number of top
programmers from the underground world of virus development. Bill Gates stated
yesterday: "World domination, fast -- it's either us or Linus". Mr. Torvalds
was unavailable for comment ...
(rjm@swift.eng.ox.ac.uk (Robert Manners), in comp.os.linux.setup)
You will inherit millions of dollars.
"You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
except, y'know, not green... and without all the patches of fungus."
		-- Swamp Thing
Veni, Vidi, VISA:
	I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
...this is an awesome sight.  The entire rebel resistance buried under six
million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
- The Firesign Theater
The only rose without thorns is friendship.
My father was a God-fearing man, but he never missed a copy of the
New York Times, either.
		-- E.B. White
I'm a Lisp variable -- bind me!
Sometimes the light's all shining on me,
Other times I can barely see.
Lately it occurs to me
What a long strange trip it's been.
		-- The Grateful Dead, "American Beauty"
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
Nothing, nothing, nothing, no error, no crime is so absolutely repugnant
to God as everything which is official; and why? because the official is
so impersonal and therefore the deepest insult which can be offered to a
personality.
		-- Soren Kierkegaard
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could
have poured on a waffle ...
Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
		-- Dean Acheson
Security check: INTRUDER ALERT!
"Hello again, Peabody here..."
-- Mister Peabody
Speak roughly to your little VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
It knows that one cannot relax
	Because the paging thrashes!
	Wow!  Wow!  Wow!

I speak severely to my VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
In spite of all my favorite hacks
	My jobs it always thrashes!
	Wow!  Wow!  Wow!
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the men are strong, the women are pretty,
and the children are above-average.
		-- Garrison Keillor
feature, n:
	A surprising property of a program.  Occasionaly documented.  To
	call a property a feature sometimes means the author did not
	consider that case, and the program makes an unexpected, though
	not necessarily wrong response.  See BUG.  "That's not a bug, it's
	a feature!"  A bug can be changed to a feature by documenting it.
			Against Idleness and Mischief

How doth the little busy bee		How skillfully she builds her cell!
Improve each shining hour,		How neat she spreads the wax!
And gather honey all the day		And labours hard to store it well
From every opening flower!		With the sweet food she makes.

In works of labour or of skill		In books, or work, or healthful play,
I would be busy too;			Let my first years be passed,
For Satan finds some mischief still	That I may give for every day
For idle hands to do.			Some good account at last.
		-- Isaac Watts, 1674-1748
It's not the inital skirt length, it's the upcreep.
Bus error -- please leave by the rear door.
Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania
Acting is not very hard.  The most important things are to be able to laugh
and cry.  If I have to cry, I think of my sex life.  And if I have to laugh,
well, I think of my sex life.
		-- Glenda Jackson
Q:	What happens when four WASPs find themselves in the same room?
A:	A dinner party.
What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly --
that is the first law of nature.
- Voltaire
"Mind if I smoke?"
	"I don't care if you burst into flames and die!"
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit,
call it the target.
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up
at the steam fitters' picnic.
	"I don't know what you mean by 'glory'," Alice said.
	Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.  "Of course you don't --
till I tell you.  I meant 'there's a nice knock-down argument for you!'"
	"But glory doesn't mean 'a nice knock-down argument'," Alice
objected.
	"When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in a rather scornful
tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor less."
	"The question is," said Alice, "whether you can make words mean
so many different things."
	"The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master --
that's all."
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Through the Looking Glass"
A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
		-- Aristotle
A box without hinges, key, or lid,
Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
"Unibus timeout fatal trap program lost sorry"
- An error message printed by DEC's RSTS operating system for the PDP-11
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and
are making another attack.
	In the beginning there was only one kind of Mathematician, created by
the Great Mathamatical Spirit form the Book: the Topologist.  And they grew to
large numbers and prospered.
	One day they looked up in the heavens and desired to reach up as far
as the eye could see.  So they set out in building a Mathematical edifice that
was to reach up as far as "up" went.  Further and further up they went ...
until one night the edifice collapsed under the weight of paradox.
	The following morning saw only rubble where there once was a huge
structure reaching to the heavens.  One by one, the Mathematicians climbed
out from under the rubble.  It was a miracle that nobody was killed; but when
they began to speak to one another, SUPRISE of all suprises! they could not
understand each other.  They all spoke different languages.  They all fought
amongst themselves and each went about their own way.  To this day the
Topologists remain the original Mathematicians.
		-- The Story of Babel
If God is dead, who will save the Queen?
	"I thought you were trying to get into shape."
	"I am. The shape I've selected is a triangle."
As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree" -- probably because it's
so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
		-- Woody Allen
Absence is to love what wind is to fire.  It extinguishes the small,
it enkindles the great.
To follow foolish precedents, and wink
With both our eyes, is easier than to think.
- William Cowper
Ring around the collar.
Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."
Madness has no purpose.  Or reason.  But it may have a goal.
		-- Spock, "The Alternative Factor", stardate 3088.7
"Problem solving under linux has never been the circus that it is under
AIX."
(By Pete Ehlke in comp.unix.aix)
"I don't think so," said Ren'e Descartes.  Just then, he vanished.
The trouble with money is it costs too much!
It is ridiculous to call this an industry.  This is not.  This is rat eat
rat, dog eat dog.  I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they 
kill me.  You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
		-- Ray Kroc, founder of McDonald's
Objects are lost only because people look where they are not rather than
where they are.
A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and
observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.  As
they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
	The doctor watches for a while and says: "Keep pumping, men, you may
yet save her!!"
	The mathematician does some calculations and says: "According to my
understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water
from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and
6 feet high."
	The engineer says: "I think she's sitting in a puddle."
Wiker's Law:
	Government expands to absorb revenue and then some.
Whenever Richard Cory went downtown,
	We people on the pavement looked at him:
He was a gentleman from sole to crown,
	Clean-favored, and imperially slim.
And he was always quietly arrayed,
	And he was always human when he talked;
But still he fluttered pulses when he said,
	"Good morning," and he glittered when he walked.
And he was rich -- yes, richer than a king --
	And admirably schooled in every grace:
In fine, we thought that he was everything
	To make us wish that we were in his place.
So on we worked, and waited for the light,
	And went without the meat, and cursed the bread;
And Richard Cory, one calm summer night,
	Went home and put a bullet through his head.
		-- E.A. Robinson, "Richard Cory"
This fortune soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #13
A:	Doc, Happy, Bashful, Dopey, Sneezy, Sleepy, & Grumpy
Q:	Who were the Democratic presidential candidates?
Famous quotations:
	" "
		-- Charlie Chaplin

	" "
		-- Harpo Marx

	" "
		-- Marcel Marceau
Democracy is good.  I say this because other systems are worse.
		-- Jawaharlal Nehru
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the
difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
		-- Mark Twain
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your
brakes are defective.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!
QOTD:
	"It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out."
Cheit's Lament:
	If you help a friend in need, he is sure to remember you--
	the next time he's in need.
Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the
pens will multiply instead of disappear.
Now is the time for all good men to come to.
		-- Walt Kelly
Mike:	"The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?"
Bernie:	"Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.  People are SO inconsiderate."
		-- Gary Trudeau, "Doonesbury"
	The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff
in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.  Everybody but one girl
laughed uproariously.  "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you
got a sense of humor?"
	"I don't have to laugh," she said.  "I'm leaving Friday anyway.
"Little else matters than to write good code."
-- Karl Lehenbauer
Hanson's Treatment of Time:
	There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days
	before Saturday.
"We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
Laws are like sausages.  It's better not to see them being made.
		-- Otto von Bismarck
A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
All tenderly his messenger he chose;
Deep-hearted, pure, with scented dew still wet--
One perfect rose.

I knew the language of the floweret;
"My fragile leaves," it said, "his heart enclose."
Love long has taken for his amulet
One perfect rose.

Why is it no one ever sent me yet
One perfect limousine, do you suppose?
Ah no, it's always just my luck to get
One perfect rose.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "One Perfect Rose"
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
Suffocating together ... would create heroic camaraderie.
		-- Khan Noonian Singh, "Space Seed", stardate 3142.8
Has everyone noticed that all the letters of the word "database" are
typed with the left hand?  Now the layout of the QWERTYUIOP typewriter
keyboard was designed, among other things, to facilitate the even use
of both hands.  It follows, therefore, that writing about databases is
not only unnatural, but a lot harder than it appears.
Am I in GRADUATE SCHOOL yet?
Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty
nights -- or very early mornings -- when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and,
instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at
a hundred miles an hour ... booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at
the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which
turnoff to take when I got to the other end ... but being absolutely certain
that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were
just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
Male, n.:
	A member of the unconsidered, or negligible sex.  The male of the
	human race is commonly known to the female as Mere Man.  The genus
	has two varieties:  good providers and bad providers.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and
to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and
support of the woman I love.
		-- Edward, Duke of Windsor, 1936, announcing his abdication
		   of the British throne in order to marry the American
		   divorcee Wallis Warfield Simpson.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
If there was any justice in the world, "trust" would be a four-letter word.
"Now here's something you're really going to like!"
-- Rocket J. Squirrel
If you have received a letter inviting you to speak at the dedication of a
new cat hospital, and you hate cats, your reply, declining the invitation,
does not necessarily have to cover the full range of your emotions.  You must
make it clear that you will not attend, but you do not have to let fly at cats.
The writer of the letter asked a civil question; attack cats, then, only if
you can do so with good humor, good taste, and in such a way that your answer
will be courteous as well as responsive.  Since you are out of sympathy with
cats, you may quite properly give this as a reason for not appearing at the
dedication ceremonies of a cat hospital.  But bear in mind that your opinion
of cats was not sought, only your services as a speaker.  Try to keep things
straight.
		-- Strunk and White, "The Elements of Style"
There was a phone call for you.
Bershere's Formula for Failure:
	There are only two kinds of people who fail: those who
	listen to nobody... and those who listen to everybody.
Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds
sang there except those that sang best.
		-- Henry Van Dyke
Q:	How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	One.
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
Yow!  I want my nose in lights!
Eight was also the Number of Bel-Shamharoth, which was why a sensible wizard
would never mention the number if he could avoid it.  Or you'll be eight
alive, apprentices were jocularly warned.  Bel-Shamharoth was especially
attracted to dabblers in magic who, by being as it were beachcombers on the
shores of the unnatural, were already half-enmeshed in his nets.
Rincewind's room number in his hall of residence had been 7a.  He hadn't
been surprised.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Sending of Eight"
If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.  If you are real
good, you will get out of it.
"His eyes were cold.  As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling
outside.  Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew..."
I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one,
but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already
because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even
after we've been home a long while.
		-- Casey Stengel
We're all in this alone.
		-- Lily Tomlin
Bizoos, n.:
	The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a basketball.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
When some people decide it's time for everyone to make big changes,
it means that they want you to change first.
Acceptance testing:
	An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.
A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
		-- Ramsey Clark
A musician, an artist, an architect:
	the man or woman who is not one of these is not a Christian.
		-- William Blake
Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a cheering
squad and another paycheck.  When a woman marries, she gets a boarder.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- Shakespeare
Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
		-- Daniel Dennett
My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading
this sort of trash.
"Because he's a character who's looking for his own identity, [He-Man is] 
an interesting role for an actor."
-- Dolph Lundgren, "actor"
By the time you swear you're his,
shivering and sighing
and he vows his passion is
infinite, undying --
Lady, make a note of this:
One of you is lying.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Unfortunate Coincidence"
It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether II win or lose.
		-- Darrin Weinberg
Kettering's Observation:
	Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
Kill Ugly Processor Architectures
- Karl Lehenbauer
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted
armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
		-- Ernest Hemingway
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis
Consultant, n.:
	(1) Someone you pay to take the watch off your wrist and tell
	you what time it is. (2) (For resume use) The working title
	of anyone who doesn't currently hold a job. Motto: Have
	Calculator, Will Travel.
If they were so inclined, they could impeach him because they don't like
his necktie.
		-- Attorney General William Saxbe
Sam:   What do you know there, Norm?
Norm:  How to sit.  How to drink.  Want to quiz me?
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Sam:   Hey, how's life treating you there, Norm?
Norm:  Beats me. ...  Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd

Woody: How would a beer feel, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Pretty nervous if I was in the room.
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd
Don't make a big deal out of everything; just deal with everything.
...the Soviets have the capability to try big projects.  If there is a goal,
such as when Gorbachev states that they are going to have nuclear-powered
aircraft carriers, the case is closed -- that is it.  They will concentrate
on the problem, do a bad job, and later pay the price.  They really don't
care what the price is.
-- Victor Belenko, MiG-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976
   "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 100
The most disagreeable thing that your worst enemy says to your face does
not approach what your best friends say behind your back.
		-- Alfred De Musset
The countdown had stalled at 'T' minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first
female ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick,
rubbery lips unmistakably -- the first of many such advances during what
would prove to be the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my
career.
		-- Winning sentence, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
		-- Katharine Fullerton Gerould
Falling in Love
	When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in
love.  You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes
light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air,
and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place.  Unfortunately,
these are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a
good idea to check with your doctor.
		-- Dave Barry
Purple hum
Assorted cars
Laser lights, you bring

All to prove
You're on the move
and vanishing
- The Cars
Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for
those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking up.
		-- Chicago Reader 4/22/83
Magary's Principle:
	When there is a public outcry to cut deadwood and fat from any
	government bureaucracy, it is the deadwood and the fat that do
	the cutting, and the public's services are cut.
When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?
Computer, n.:
	An electronic entity which performs sequences of useful steps in a
	totally understandable, rigorously logical manner.  If you believe
	this, see me about a bridge I have for sale in Manhattan.
	If I kiss you, that is an psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"
Horngren's Observation:
	Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
XXXI:
	The optimum committee has no members.
XXXII:
	Hiring consultants to conduct studies can be an excellent means of
	turning problems into gold -- your problems into their gold.
XXXIII:
	Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
XXXIV:
	The process of competitively selecting contractors to perform work
	is based on a system of rewards and penalties, all distributed
	randomly.
XXXV:
	The weaker the data available upon which to base one's conclusion,
	the greater the precision which should be quoted in order to give
	the data authenticity.
		-- Norman Augustine
"Is this foreplay?"
   "No, this is Nuke Strike.  Foreplay has lousy graphics.  Beat me again."
-- Duckert, in "Bad Rubber," Albedo #0 (comics)
Mother is the invention of necessity.
You're all clear now, kid.  Now blow this thing so we can all go home.
		-- Han Solo
People in general do not willingly read if they have anything else to
amuse them.
		-- S. Johnson
Everywhere you go you'll see them searching,
Everywhere you turn you'll feel the pain,
Everyone is looking for the answer,
Well look again.
		-- Moody Blues, "Lost in a Lost World"
mittsquinter, adj.:
	A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball, as
	if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Government:
	No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the
	legislature is in session.
Life's the same, except for the shoes.
- The Cars
Have a nice day!
Dear Emily:
	I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to
summarize.  What should I do?
		-- Editor

Dear Editor:
	Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post
that.  On USENET, this is known as a summary.  It lets people read all the
replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way.  Do the same when
summarizing a vote.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
		-- Oscar Wilde [as he sipped champagne on his deathbed]
The full impact of parenthood doesn't hit you until you multiply the
number of your kids by thirty-two teeth.
Knocked, you weren't in.
		-- Opportunity
Is not that the nature of men and women -- that the pleasure is in the
learning of each other?
		-- Natira, the High Priestess of Yonada, "For the World is
		   Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky", stardate 5476.3.
Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.
"If I do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go
to hell."
-- Jimmy Swaggart, 5/20/88
The Great Movie Posters:

*A Giggle Gurgling Gulp of Glee*
With Pretty Girls, Peppy Scenes, and Gorgeous Revues -- plus a good story.
		-- Tea with a Kick (1924)

Whoopie!  Let's go!... Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks!
GET IN THE KNOW FOR THE HEY-HEY WHOOPIE!
		-- The Wild Party (1929)

YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE!
DIX -- the dashing soldier!
	DIX -- the bold adventurer!
		DIX -- the throbbing lover!
		-- The Wheel of Life (1929)

SEE CHARLES BUTTERWORTH DRIVE A STREETCAR AND SING LOVE
SONGS TO HIS MARE "MITZIE"!
		-- The Night is Young (1934)
Many are called, few are chosen.  Fewer still get to do the choosing.
The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a
business trip, thought he would pay his boy a suprise visit.  Arriving at the
lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.  After several minutes
of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window,
	"Whaddaya want?"
	"Does Ramsey Duncan live here?" asked the father.
	"Yeah," replied the voice.  "Dump him on the front porch."
A prohibitionist is the sort of man one wouldn't care to drink with
-- even if he drank.
		-- H.L. Mencken
	"How would I know if I believe in love at first sight?" the sexy
social climber said to her roommate.  "I mean, I've never seen a Porsche
full of money before."
Experience, n.:
	Something you don't get until just after you need it.
		-- Olivier
Experience, n.:
	Something you don't get until just after you need it.
		-- Olivier
The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds,
and the pessimist knows it.
		-- J. Robert Oppenheimer, "Bulletin of Atomic Scientists"

Yet creeds mean very little, Coth answered the dark god, still speaking
almost gently.  The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all
possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
		-- James Cabell, "The Silver Stallion"
A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague 
assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents 
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of 
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
		-- IEEE Grid newsmagazine
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 5

proof by accumulated evidence:
	Long and diligent search has not revealed a counterexample.

proof by cosmology:
	The negation of the proposition is unimaginable or 
	meaningless. Popular for proofs of the existence of God.

proof by mutual reference:
	In reference A, Theorem 5 is said to follow from Theorem 3 in 
	reference B, which is shown to follow from Corollary 6.2 in 
	reference C, which is an easy consequence of Theorem 5 in 
	reference A.

proof by metaproof:
	A method is given to construct the desired proof. The 
	correctness of the method is proved by any of these 
	techniques.
I feel partially hydrogenated!
Karlson's Theorem of Snack Food Packages:
	For all P, where P is a package of snack food, P is a SINGLE-SERVING
	package of snack food.

Gibson the Cat's Corrolary:
	For all L, where L is a package of lunch meat, L is Gibson's package
	of lunch meat.
Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
		-- Stephens
No Civil War picture ever made a nickel.
		-- MGM executive Irving Thalberg to Louis B. Mayer about
		   film rights to "Gone With the Wind".
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
Parsley
	 is gharsley.
		-- Ogden Nash
Rule #1:
	The Boss is always right.

Rule #2:
	If the Boss is wrong, see Rule #1.
A man's gotta know his limitations.
		-- Clint Eastwood, "Dirty Harry"
If men are not afraid to die,
it is of no avail to threaten them with death.

If men live in constant fear of dying,
And if breaking the law means a man will be killed,
Who will dare to break the law?

There is always an official executioner.
If you try to take his place,
It is like trying to be a master carpenter and cutting wood.
If you try to cut wood like a master carpenter,
	you will only hurt your hand.
		-- Tao Te Ching, "Lao Tsu, #74"
Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of
those who govern.  The machinery of government is always subordinate to the
will of those who administer that machinery.  The most important element of
government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Children of Dune"
The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars.
Anything cut to length will be too short.
A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.
It cannot be seen, cannot be felt,
Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt.
It lies behind starts and under hills,
And empty holes it fills.
It comes first and follows after,
Ends life, kills laughter.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing
-- and then marry him.
		-- Cher
Barbara's Rules of Bitter Experience:
	(1) When you empty a drawer for his clothes
	    and a shelf for his toiletries, the relationship ends.
	(2) When you finally buy pretty stationary
	    to continue the correspondence, he stops writing.
1 Billion dollars of budget deficit		= 1 Gramm-Rudman
6.023 x 10 to the 23rd power alligator pears	= Avocado's number
2 pints						= 1 Cavort
Basic unit of Laryngitis			= The Hoarsepower
Shortest distance between two jokes		= A straight line
6 Curses					= 1 Hexahex
3500 Calories					= 1 Food Pound
1 Mole						= 007 Secret Agents
1 Mole						= 25 Cagey Bees
1 Dog Pound					= 16 oz. of Alpo
1000 beers served at a Twins game		= 1 Killibrew
2.4 statute miles of surgical tubing at Yale U. = 1 I.V.League
2000 pounds of chinese soup			= 1 Won Ton
10 to the minus 6th power mouthwashes		= 1 Microscope
Speed of a tortoise breaking the sound barrier	= 1 Machturtle
8 Catfish					= 1 Octo-puss
365 Days of drinking Lo-Cal beer.		= 1 Lite-year
16.5 feet in the Twilight Zone			= 1 Rod Serling
Force needed to accelerate 2.2lbs of cookies	= 1 Fig-newton
	to 1 meter per second
One half large intestine			= 1 Semicolon
10 to the minus 6th power Movie			= 1 Microfilm
1000 pains					= 1 Megahertz
1 Word						= 1 Millipicture
1 Sagan						= Billions & Billions
1 Angstrom: measure of computer anxiety		= 1000 nail-bytes
10 to the 12th power microphones		= 1 Megaphone
10 to the 6th power Bicycles			= 2 megacycles
The amount of beauty required launch 1 ship	= 1 Millihelen
I'm not a real movie star -- I've still got the same wife I started out
with twenty-eight years ago.
		-- Will Rogers
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
Take it easy, we're in a hurry.
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
"It's like deja vu all over again."   -- Yogi Berra
He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
		-- Oscar Wilde
A soft drink turneth away company.
Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident.
Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F.M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"
A man's gotta know his limitations.
		-- Clint Eastwood, "Dirty Harry"
One planet is all you get.
RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_
I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to sacrifice
my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward
Veni, Vidi, VISA:
	I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain
	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.
Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!
A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.  But an authentic soothsayer should
be shot on sight.  Cassandra did not get half the kicking around she deserved.
		-- R.A. Heinlein
Humor in the Court:
Q.  Doctor, did you say he was shot in the woods?
A.  No, I said he was shot in the lumbar region.
Watson's Law:
	The reliability of machinery is inversely proportional to the
	number and significance of any persons watching it.
What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer?
It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the
establishment of a Hilton on its peak.
Back when I was a boy, it was 40 miles to everywhere, uphill both ways
and it was always snowing.
Sometimes when I get up in the morning, I feel very peculiar.  I feel
like I've just got to bite a cat!  I feel like if I don't bite a cat
before sundown, I'll go crazy!  But then I just take a deep breath and
forget about it.  That's what is known as real maturity.
		-- Snoopy
Nothing is as simple as it seems at first
	Or as hopeless as it seems in the middle
		Or as finished as it seems in the end.
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be
always old-fashioned.
If Love Were Oil, I'd Be About A Quart Low
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard
Her days were spent in a kind of slow bustle; always busy without getting
on, always behind hand and lamenting it, without altering her ways;
wishing to be an economist, without contrivance or regularity; dissatisfied
with her servants, without skill to make them better, and whether helping, or
reprimanding, or indulging them, without any power of engaging their respect.
		-- J. Austen
Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from.  And when
you're on the lam like me, you appreciate a good cup of coffee.
		-- "Great Train Robber" Ronald Biggs' coffee commercial
The second best policy is dishonesty.
"One Architecture, One OS" also translates as "One Egg, One Basket".
Anthony's Law of Force:
	Don't force it; get a larger hammer.
Some points to remember [about animals]:
	(1) Don't go to sleep under big animals, e.g., elephants, rhinoceri,
	    hippopotamuses;
	(2) Don't put animals with sharp teeth or poisonous fangs down the
	    front of your clothes;
	(3) Don't pat certain animals, e.g., crocodiles and scorpions or dogs
	    you have just kicked.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
Till then we shall be content to admit openly, what you (religionists)
whisper under your breath or hide in technical jargon, that the ancient
secret is a secret still; that man knows nothing of the Infinite and
Absolute; and that, knowing nothing, he had better not be dogmatic about
his ignorance.  And, meanwhile, we will endeavour to be as charitable as
possible, and whilst you trumpet forth officially your contempt for our
skepticism, we will at least try to believe that you are imposed upon
by your own bluster.
- Leslie Stephen, "An agnostic's Apology", Fortnightly Review, 1876
All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.
		-- Grant Wood
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas
A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another woman
makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
		-- Frost
Wake now my merry lads!  Wake and hear me calling!
Warm now be heart and limb!  The cold stone is fallen;
Dark door is standing wide; dead hand is broken.
Night under Night is flown, and the Gate is open!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
		-- Bob Dylan
Actually, typing random strings in the Finder does the equivalent of
filename completion.
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands: file
completion vs. the Mac Finder.)
How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
October.

This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks in.

The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June,
December, August, and February.

		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
	The birds are singing, the flowers are budding, and it is time
for Miss Manners to tell young lovers to stop necking in public.
	It's not that Miss Manners is immune to romance.  Miss Manners
has been known to squeeze a gentleman's arm while being helped over a
curb, and, in her wild youth, even to press a dainty slipper against a
foot or two under the dinner table.  Miss Manners also believes that the
sight of people strolling hand in hand or arm in arm or arm in hand
dresses up a city considerably more than the more familiar sight of
people shaking umbrellas at one another.  What Miss Manners objects to
is the kind of activity that frightens the horses on the street...
When in doubt, follow your heart.
no brainer:
	A decision which, viewed through the retrospectoscope,
	is "obvious" to those who failed to make it originally.
I am a computer. I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.
Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.
Who will take care of the world after you're gone?
"The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by mean of zeal,
well-meaning but without understanding."
-- Justice Louis O. Brandeis (Olmstead vs. United States)
When you know absolutely nothing about the topic, make your forecast by
asking a carefully selected probability sample of 300 others who don't
know the answer either.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler
Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.
		-- H.R. Haldeman
... I see TOILET SEATS ...
	"Wrong," said Renner.
	"The tactful way," Rod said quietly, "the polite way to disagree with
the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'"
Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while
	sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
No self-made man ever did such a good job that some woman didn't
want to make some alterations.
		-- Kim Hubbard
There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
		-- Darth Vader
A Law of Computer Programming:
	Make it possible for programmers to write in English
	and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.
For 20 dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time ...
If I cannot bend Heaven, I shall move Hell.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
I was appalled by this story of the destruction of a member of a valued
endangered species.  It's all very well to celebrate the practicality of
pigs by ennobling the porcine sibling who constructed his home out of
bricks and mortar.  But to wantonly destroy a wolf, even one with an
excessive taste for porkers, is unconscionable in these ecologically
critical times when both man and his domestic beasts continue to maraud
the earth.
		Sylvia Kamerman, "Book Reviewing"
"Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich."
		-- "Ali Baba Bunny" [1957, Chuck Jones]
A woman is like your shadow; follow her, she flies; fly from her, she follows.
		-- Chamfort
Earl Wiener, 55, a University of Miami professor of management science,
telling the Airline Pilots Association (in jest) about 21st century aircraft:

	"The crew will consist of one pilot and a dog.  The pilot will
	nurture and feed the dog.  The dog will be there to bite the
	pilot if he touches anything.
		-- Fortune, Sept. 26, 1988
		   [the *magazine*, silly!]
I thought YOU silenced the guard!
New England Life, of course.  Why do you ask?
	Some 1500 miles west of the Big Apple we find the Minneapple, a
haven of tranquility in troubled times.  It's a good town, a civilized town.
A town where they still know how to get your shirts back by Thursday.  Let
the Big Apple have the feats of "Broadway Joe" Namath.  We have known the
stolid but steady Killebrew.  Listening to Cole Porter over a dry martini
may well suit those unlucky enough never to have heard the Whoopee John Polka
Band and never to have shared a pitcher of 3.2 Grain Belt Beer.  The loss is
theirs.  And the Big Apple has yet to bake the bagel that can match peanut
butter on lefse.  Here is a town where the major urban problem is dutch elm
disease and the number one crime is overtime parking.  We boast more theater
per capita than the Big Apple.  We go to see, not to be seen.  We go even
when we must shovel ten inches of snow from the driveway to get there.  Indeed
the winters are fierce.  But then comes the marvel of the Minneapple summer.
People flock to the city's lakes to frolic and rejoice at the sight of so
much happy humanity free from the bonds of the traditional down-filled parka.
Here's to the Minneapple.  And to its people.  Our flair for style is balanced
by a healthy respect for wind chill factors.
	And we always, always eat our vegetables.
	This is the Minneapple.
X windows:
	Something you can be ashamed of.
	30% more entropy than the leading window system.
	The first fully modular software disaster.
	Rome was destroyed in a day.
	Warn your friends about it.
	Climbing to new depths.  Sinking to new heights.
	An accident that couldn't wait to happen.
	Don't wait for the movie.
	Never use it after a big meal.
	Need we say less?
	Plumbing the depths of human incompetence.
	It'll make your day.
	Don't get frustrated without it.
	Power tools for power losers.
	A software disaster of Biblical proportions.
	Never had it.  Never will.
	The software with no visible means of support.
	More than just a generation behind.

Hindenburg.  Titanic.  Edsel.
	X windows.
How long does it take a DEC field service engineer to change a lightbulb?

It depends on how many bad ones he brought with him.
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:   Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that swallowed the canary.
Norm:  And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2
In Blythe, California, a city ordinance declares that a person must own
at least two cows before he can wear cowboy boots in public.
Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking
process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical
attention to detail.  It requires intelligence, dedication, and an
enormous amount of hard work.  But, a certain amount of unpredictable
and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference
between adequacy and excellence.
Also, the Scots are said to have invented golf.  Then they had
to invent Scotch whiskey to take away the pain and frustration.
It is a human characteristic to love little animals, especially if
they're attractive in some way.
		-- McCoy, "The Trouble with Tribbles", stardate 4525.6
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
Take everything in stride.  Trample anyone who gets in your way.
Their idea of an offer you can't refuse is an offer... and you'd better
not refuse.
Maier's Law:
	If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
		-- N.R. Maier, "American Psychologist", March 1960

Corollaries:
	(1) The bigger the theory, the better.
	(2) The experiment may be considered a success if no more than
	    50% of the observed measurements must be discarded to
	    obtain a correspondence with the theory.
Ambiguity:
	Telling the truth when you don't mean to.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't
recognize them.
The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
	-- The Unix Programmer's Manual, 2nd Edition, June 1972
But you who live on dreams, you are better pleased with the sophistical
reasoning and frauds of talkers about great and uncertain matters than
those who speak of certain and natural matters, not of such lofty nature.
		-- Leonardo Da Vinci, "The Codex on the Flight of Birds"
"I'd love to go out with you, but I've been scheduled for a karma transplant."
I can't drive 55.
I'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either.
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
Get out, you old Wight!  Vanish in the sunlight!
Shrivel like the cold mist, like the winds go wailing,
Out into the barren lands far beyond the mountains!
Come never here again!  Leave your barrow empty!
Lost and forgotten be, darker than the darkness,
Where gates stand for ever shut, till the world is mended.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and legally ... 
impeccable!
It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra
I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!
There's another way to survive.  Mutual trust -- and help.
		-- Kirk, "Day of the Dove", stardate unknown
Police up your spare rounds and frags.  Don't leave nothin' for the dinks.
- Willem Dafoe in "Platoon"
What you don't know won't help you much either.
		-- D. Bennett
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves:
the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.
Some of the things that live the longest in peoples' memories never
really happened.
It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two points.
		-- M. M. Johnston
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished? Yes, work never begun.
What makes you think graduate school is supposed to be satisfying?
		-- Erica Jong, "Fear of Flying"
The eyes of taxes are upon you.
Dear Freshman,
	You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but
unknown to you we have something in common.  We are both rather
prone to mistakes.  I was elected Student Government President by
mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.
If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.
If our behavior is strict, we do not need fun!
I'd like some JUNK FOOD ... and then I want to be ALONE --
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish: God Almighty made 'em to match the men.
		-- George Eliot
"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people
who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."
		-- Jim Joyce, owner of Jim Joyce's UNIX Bookstore
The five rules of Socialism:
	(1) Don't think.
	(2) If you do think, don't speak.
	(3) If you think and speak, don't write.
	(4) If you think, speak and write, don't sign.
	(5) If you think, speak, write and sign, don't be surprised.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God.
It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
- Thomas Jefferson
She sells cshs by the cshore.
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
The future not being born, my friend, we will abstain from baptizing it.
		-- George Meredith
Armor's Axiom:
	Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.
TeX is potentially the most significant invention in typesetting in this
century.  It introduces a standard language for computer typography, and in
terms of importance could rank near the introduction of the Gutenberg press.
		-- Gordon Bell
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
There seems no plan because it is all plan.
		-- C.S. Lewis
Jim, it's Jack.  I'm at the airport.  I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay
you the five-hundred I owe you.  Catch you next year when I get back!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
Disk crisis, please clean up!
Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.
"You can't survive by sucking the juice from a wet mitten."
		-- Charles Schulz, "Things I've Had to Learn Over and
		   Over and Over"
Hmmm ... A hash-singer and a cross-eyed guy were SLEEPING on a deserted
island, when ...
When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by
reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger handle this?"
What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.
We are using Linux daily to UP our productivity - so UP yours!
(Adapted from Pat Paulsen by Joe Sloan)
The Modelski Chain Rule:
(1)	Look intently at the problem for several minutes.  Scratch your
	head at 20-30 second intervals.  Try solving the problem on your
	Hewlett-Packard.
(2)	Failing this, look around at the class.  Select a particularly
	bright-looking individual.
(3)	Procure a large chain.
(4)	Walk over to the selected student and threaten to beat him severely
	with the chain unless he gives you the answer to the problem.
	Generally, he will.  It may also be a good idea to give him a sound
	thrashing anyway, just to show you mean business.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
		-- Voltaire
When you try to make an impression, the chances are that is the
impression you will make.
I hope I bought the right relish ... zzzzzzzzz ...
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
The pollution's at that awkward stage.  Too thick to navigate and too
thin to cultivate.
		-- Doug Sneyd
The lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance.  He of all men
should behave as though the law compelled him.  But it is the universal
weakness of mankind that what we are given to administer we presently imagine
we own.
		-- H.G. Wells
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
		-- Harry Truman
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not
advice, it is merely custom.
		-- Mark Twain
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 4

proof by personal communication:
	'Eight-dimensional colored cycle stripping is NP-complete 
	[Karp, personal communication].' 

proof by reduction to the wrong problem:
	'To see that infinite-dimensional colored cycle stripping is 
	decidable, we reduce it to the halting problem.' 

proof by reference to inaccessible literature:
	The author cites a simple corollary of a theorem to be found 
	in a privately circulated memoir of the Slovenian 
	Philological Society, 1883.

proof by importance:
	A large body of useful consequences all follow from the 
	proposition in question.
One big pile is better than two little piles.
		-- Arlo Guthrie
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
"One day I woke up and discovered that I was in love with tripe."
-- Tom Anderson
Lack of skill dictates economy of style.
- Joey Ramone
Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
		-- Lazarus Long
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often
picturesque liar."
		-- Mark Twain
... eighty years later he could still recall with the young pang of his
original joy his falling in love with Ada.
		-- Nabokov
Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
		-- Publius Syrus
What good is it if you talk in flowers, and they think in pastry?
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
We should have a Vollyballocracy.  We elect a six-pack of presidents.
Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
		-- Dennis Miller
All programmers are optimists.  Perhaps this modern sorcery especially attracts
those who believe in happy endings and fairy godmothers.  Perhaps the hundreds
of nitty frustrations drive away all but those who habitually focus on the end
goal.  Perhaps it is merely that computers are young, programmers are younger,
and the young are always optimists.  But however the selection process works,
the result is indisputable:  "This time it will surely run," or "I just found
the last bug."
		-- Frederick Brooks, "The Mythical Man Month"
Every country has the government it deserves.
		-- Joseph De Maistre
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction
rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
I do not find in orthodox Christianity one redeeming feature.
- Thomas Jefferson
Birds and bees have as much to do with the facts of life as black
nightgowns do with keeping warm.
		-- Hester Mundis, "Powermom"
If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days
and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to
think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
		-- Voltaire, "Diatribe du docteur Akakia"
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
		-- Anatole France
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic.
Loni Anderson's hair should be LEGALIZED!!
Free Speech Is The Right To Shout 'Theater' In A Crowded Fire.
		-- A Yippie Proverb
Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.
"What is the Nature of God?"

    CLICK...CLICK...WHIRRR...CLICK...=BEEP!=
    1 QT. SOUR CREAM
    1 TSP. SAUERKRAUT
    1/2 CUT CHIVES.
    STIR AND SPRINKLE WITH BACON BITS.

"I've just GOT to start labeling my software..."
		-- Bloom County
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
HELP!  MY TYPEWRITER IS BROKEN!
		-- E. E. CUMMINGS
Politicians are the same all over.  They promise to build a bridge even
where there is no river.
	-- Nikita Khrushchev
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands
what will sell.
		-- Confucius
Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.
A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
		-- Paul Valery
"If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem."
		-- C. Durance, Computer Science 234
If I had a Q-TIP, I could prevent th' collapse of NEGOTIATIONS!!
"We scientists, whose tragic destiny it has been to make the methods of
annihilation ever more gruesome and more effective, must consider it our solemn
and transcendent duty to do all in our power in preventing these weapons from
being used for the brutal purpose for which they were invented." 
-- Albert Einstein, Bulletin of Atomic Scientists, September 1948
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to
avoid responsibility with?
...One thing is that, unlike any other Western democracy that I know of,
this country has operated since its beginnings with a basic distrust of 
government.  We are constituted not for efficient operation of government,
but for minimizing the possibility of abuse of power.  It took the events
of the Roosevelt era -- a catastrophic economic collapse and a world war --
to introduce the strong central government that we now know.  But in most
parts of the country today, the reluctance to have government is still
strong.  I think, barring a series of catastrophic events, that we can
look to at least another decade during which many of the big problems
around this country will have to be addressed by institutions other than
federal government.
- Bobby R. Inman, Admiral, USN, Retired, former director of Naval Intelligence,
  vice director of the DIA, former director of the NSA, deputy directory of
  Central Intelligence, former chairman and CEO of MCC.
[the statist opinions expressed herein are not those of the cookie editor -ed.]
What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong
with every one of us -- and that's "selfishness."
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a
little kinder than is necessary?
		-- J.M. Barrie
The only "ism" Hollywood believes in is plagiarism.
		-- Dorothy Parker
There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced
by circumstances to meet.
		-- Admiral William Halsey
Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please see Big Brother.
There's nothing like good food, good wine, and a bad girl.
This is an especially good time for you vacationers who plan to fly, because
the Reagan administration, as part of the same policy under which it
recently sold Yellowstone National Park to Wayne Newton, has "deregulated"
the airline industry.  What this means for you, the consumer, is that the
airlines are no longer required to follow any rules whatsoever.  They can
show snuff movies.  They can charge for oxygen.  They can hire pilots right
out of Vending Machine Refill Person School.  They can conserve fuel by
ejecting husky passengers over water.  They can ram competing planes in
mid-air.  These innovations have resulted in tremendous cost savings which
have been passed along to you, the consumer, in the form of flights with
amazingly low fares, such as $29.  Of course, certain restrictions do apply,
the main one being that all these flights take you to Newark, and you must
pay thousands of dollars if you want to fly back out.
		-- Dave Barry, "Iowa -- Land of Secure Vacations"
If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the
Constitution.  It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's
statecraft.  Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone
directory containing listings for all the organizations with titles
beginning with the word "National."
		-- George Will
It is Texas law that when two trains meet each other at a railroad crossing,
each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed until the other
has gone.
Many pages make a thick book.
Anthony's Law of the Workshop:
	Any tool when dropped, will roll into the least accessible
	corner of the workshop.

Corollary:
	On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first strike
	your toes.
Each team building another component has been using the most recent tested
version of the integrated system as a test bed for debugging its piece.  Their
work will be set back by having that test bed change under them.  Of course it
must.  But the changes need to be quantized.  Then each user has periods of
productive stability, interrupted by bursts of test-bed change.  This seems
to be much less disruptive than a constant rippling and trembling.
- Frederick Brooks Jr., "The Mythical Man Month" 
There has been a little distress selling on the stock exchange.
		-- Thomas W. Lamont, October 29, 1929 (Black Tuesday)
The time for action is past!  Now is the time for senseless bickering.
I have stripped off my dress; must I put it on again?  I have washed my feet;
must I soil them again?
When my beloved slipped his hand through the latch-hole, my bowels stirred
within me [my bowels were moved for him (KJV)].
When I arose to open for my beloved, my hands dripped with myrrh; the liquid
myrrh from my fingers ran over the knobs of the bolt.  With my own hands I
opened to my love, but my love had turned away and gone by; my heart sank when
he turned his back.  I sought him but I did not find him, I called him but he
did not answer.
The watchmen, going the rounds of the city, met me; they struck me and
  wounded me; the watchmen on the walls took away my cloak.
[Song of Solomon 5:3-7 (NEB)]
If all the Chinese simultaneously jumped into the Pacific off a 10 foot
platform erected 10 feet off their coast, it would cause a tidal wave
that would destroy everything in this country west of Nebraska.
In olden times sacrifices were made at the altar -- a practice which is
still continued.
		-- Helen Rowland
Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.  Politics is about
surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby
Memories of you remind me of you.
-- Karl Lehenbauer
Iam
not
very
happy
acting
pleased
whenever
prominent
scientists
overmagnify
intellectual
enlightenment
A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and
observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.  As
they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
	The doctor watches for a while and says: "Keep pumping, men, you may
yet save her!!"
	The mathematician does some calculations and says: "According to my
understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water
from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and
6 feet high."
	The engineer says: "I think she's sitting in a puddle."
The one sure way to make a lazy man look respectable is to put a fishing
rod in his hand.
In West Union, Ohio, No married man can go flying without his spouse
along at any time, unless he has been married for more than 12 months.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for
these only gave life, those the art of living well.
		-- Aristotle
sunset, n.:
	Pronounced atmospheric scattering of shorter wavelengths,
	resulting in selective transmission below 650 nanometers with
	progressively reducing solar elevation.
Sometimes the light's all shining on me,
Other times I can barely see.
Lately it occurs to me
What a long strange trip it's been.
		-- The Grateful Dead, "American Beauty"
Police:	Good evening, are you the host?
Host:	No.
Police:	We've been getting complaints about this party.
Host:	About the drugs?
Police:	No.
Host:	About the guns, then?  Is somebody complaining about the guns?
Police:	No, the noise.
Host:	Oh, the noise.  Well that makes sense because there are no guns
	or drugs here.  (An enormous explosion is heard in the
	background.)  Or fireworks.  Who's complaining about the noise?
	The neighbors?
Police:	No, the neighbors fled inland hours ago.  Most of the recent
	complaints have come from Pittsburgh.  Do you think you could
	ask the host to quiet things down?
Host:	No Problem.  (At this point, a Volkswagon bug with primitive
	religious symbols drawn on the doors emerges from the living
	room and roars down the hall, past the police and onto the
	lawn, where it smashes into a tree.  Eight guests tumble out
	onto the grass, moaning.)  See?  Things are starting to wind
	down.
	To A Quick Young Fox
Why jog exquisite bulk, fond crazy vamp,
Daft buxom jonquil, zephyr's gawky vice?
Guy fed by work, quiz Jove's xanthic lamp--
Zow! Qualms by deja vu gyp fox-kin thrice.
		-- Lazy Dog
Q:	Minnesotans ask, "Why aren't there more pharmacists from Alabama?"
A:	Easy.  It's because they can't figure out how to get the little
	bottles into the typewriter.
There is always something new out of Africa.
		-- Gaius Plinius Secundus
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
		-- Mt.
"Now I've got the bead on you with MY disintegrating gun.  And when it 
disintegrates, it disintegrates.  (pulls trigger)  Well, what you do know, 
it disintegrated."
-- Duck Dodgers in the 24th and a half century
Success is a journey, not a destination.
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
Think big.  Pollute the Mississippi.
Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
		-- J.J. Gibson
"The greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace."
-- Holly Near
You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery,
are now extinct.
		-- M. Somerset Maugham
I have a dream.  I have a dream that one day, on the red hills of Georgia, 
the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to
sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.
If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
		-- Chinese Proverb
Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
		-- Kronecker
The only perfect science is hind-sight.
Quick!!  Act as if nothing has happened!
Some people around here wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.
"Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator."
		-- Claude Shouse

"Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist."
		-- Joseph C. Wang
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
By nature, men are nearly alike; by practice, they get to be wide apart.
		-- Confucius
A man always needs to remember one thing about a beautiful woman.

Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.
You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
		-- Henry Gondorf, "The Sting"
None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one 
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a 
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing 
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient 
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a 
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"
Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.
A Roman divorced from his wife, being highly blamed by his friends, who
demanded, "Was she not chaste?  Was she not fair?  Was she not fruitful?"
holding out his shoe, asked them whether it was not new and well made.
Yet, added he, none of you can tell where it pinches me.
		-- Plutarch
"Necessity is the mother of invention" is a silly proverb.  "Necessity
is the mother of futile dodges" is much nearer the truth.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead
QOTD:
	My mother was the travel agent for guilt trips.
A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.
Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
		-- DEC
The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.
Save the whales.  Collect the whole set.
A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.
Hear about the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
One fortunate cookie...
Economies of scale:
	The notion that bigger is better.  In particular, that if you want
	a certain amount of computer power, it is much better to buy one
	biggie than a bunch of smallies.  Accepted as an article of faith
	by people who love big machines and all that complexity.  Rejected
	as an article of faith by those who love small machines and all
	those limitations.
skldfjkljklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil
h;asvgy8p	23r1vyui135	2
kmxsij90TYDFS$$b	jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j	nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[,
		[hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf']
				sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y


Now look what you've gone and done!  You've broken it!
"Life is too important to take seriously."
		-- Corky Siegel
QOTD:
	"Do you smell something burning or is it me?"
		-- Joan of Arc
"In corporate life, I think there are three important areas which contracts
can't deal with, the area of conflict, the area of change and area of reaching
potential.  To me a covenant is a relationship that is based on such things
as shared ideals and shared value systems and shared ideas and shared
agreement as to the processes we are going to use for working together.  In
many cases they develop into real love relationships."
-- Max DePree, chairman and CEO of Herman Miller Inc., "Herman Miller's 
   Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
I met him in a swamp down in Dagobah
Where it bubbles all the time like a giant cabinet soda
	S-O-D-A soda
I saw the little runt sitting there on a log
I asked him his name and in a raspy voice he said Yoda
	Y-O-D-A Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

Well I've been around but I ain't never seen
A guy who looks like a Muppet but he's wrinkled and green
	Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
Well I'm not dumb but I can't understand
How he can raise me in the air just by raising his hand
	Oh my Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda, Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
		-- Weird Al Yankovic, "The Star Wars Song," to the tune of
		   "Lola" by the Kinks
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A little word of doubtful number,
A foe to rest and peaceful slumber.
If you add an "s" to this,
Great is the metamorphosis.
Plural is plural now no more,
And sweet what bitter was before.
What am I?
Let us go then you and I
while the night is laid out against the sky
like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie.

"Nice poem Tom.  I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?"
	-- Ezra
Place me on a BUFFER counter while you BELITTLE several BELLHOPS in the
Trianon Room!!  Let me one of your SUBSIDIARIES!
There are worse things in life than death.  Have you ever spent an evening
with an insurance salesman?
		-- Woody Allen
In /users3 did Kubla Kahn
A stately pleasure dome decree,
Where /bin, the sacred river ran
Through Test Suites measureless to Man
Down to a sunless C.
Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
		-- Stephen Sondheim
Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
		-- Mark Harrold
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
		-- Milton Friendman
It's like deja vu all over again.
		-- Yogi Berra
The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.  Let the reader
catch his own breath.
		-- Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart
Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream,
I wonder how the old folks are tonight,
Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face,
She left me not knowing what to do.

Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you,
Carefree Highway, you seen better days,
The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes,
Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you...

Turning back the pages to the times I love best,
I wonder if she'll ever do the same,
Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied,
With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame...

Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep,
I wonder if the years have closed her mind,
I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free,
From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "Carefree Highway"
An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
		-- Henry Ford
Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.  Things hitherto
undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
		-- Max Beerbohm, "Mainly on the Air"
... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that,
lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of
their C programs.
		-- Robert Firth
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
What is comedy?  Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making
them puke.
		-- Steve Martin
Don't guess -- check your security regulations.
I used to think I was a child; now I think I am an adult -- not because
I no longer do childish things, but because those I call adults are no
more mature than I am.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree on.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"
"Life is a garment we continuously alter, but which never seems to fit."
-- David McCord
Don't quit now, we might just as well lock the door and throw away the key.
A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery, is the most tremendous object
in the whole creation.
		-- Goldsmith
The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called "Me".
"... And remember: if you don't like the news, go out and make some of
your own."
        	-- "Scoop" Nisker, KFOG radio reporter Preposterous Words
A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and
making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually
die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.
		-- Max Planck
We thrive on euphemism.  We call multi-megaton bombs "Peace-keepers", closet
size apartments "efficient" and incomprehensible artworks "innovative".  In
fact, "euphemism" has become a euphemism for "bald-faced lie".  And now, here
are the euphemisms so colorfully employed in Personal Ads:

EUPHEMISM			REALITY
-------------------		-------------------------
Excited about life's journey	No concept of reality
Spiritually evolved		Oversensitive
Moody				Manic-depressive
Soulful				Quiet manic-depressive
Poet				Boring manic-depressive
Sultry/Sensual			Easy
Uninhibited			Lacking basic social skills
Unaffected and earthy		Slob and lacking basic social skills
Irreverent			Nasty and lacking basic social skills
Very human			Quasimodo's best friend
Swarthy				Sweaty even when cold or standing still
Spontaneous/Eclectic		Scatterbrained
Flexible			Desperate
Aging child			Self-centered adult
Youthful			Over 40 and trying to deny it
Good sense of humor		Watches a lot of television
If you can't be good, be careful.  If you can't be careful, give me a call.
Bagbiter:
	1. n.; Equipment or program that fails, usually intermittently.  2.
adj.: Failing hardware or software.  "This bagbiting system won't let me get
out of spacewar." Usage: verges on obscenity.  Grammatically separable; one
may speak of "biting the bag".  Synonyms: LOSER, LOSING, CRETINOUS,
BLETCHEROUS, BARFUCIOUS, CHOMPER, CHOMPING.
History has much to say on following the proper procedures.  From a history
of the Mexican revolution:
	"Hidalgo was later defeated at Guadalajara.  The rebel army was
captured on its way through the mountains.  All were courtmartialed and
shot, except Hidalgo, because he was a priest.  He was handed over to
the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the
army where he was then executed."
COBOL:
	An exercise in Artificial Inelegance.
modem, adj.:
	Up-to-date, new-fangled, as in "Thoroughly Modem Millie."  An
	unfortunate byproduct of kerning.

	[That's sic!]
Where do you go to get anorexia?
		-- Shelley Winters
Editing is a rewording activity.
There are no answers, only cross-references.
		-- Weiner
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.
	"I was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- A. Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"
It's fabulous!  We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
		-- Macy's
It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless, of course,
you are an exceptionally good liar.
		-- Jerome K. Jerome
Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.
QOTD:
	"I used to be lost in the shuffle, now I just shuffle along with
	the lost."
RELATIVES!!
> The day people think linux would be better served by somebody else (FSF
> being the natural alternative), I'll "abdicate".  I don't think that
> it's something people have to worry about right now - I don't see it
> happening in the near future.  I enjoy doing linux, even though it does
> mean some work, and I haven't gotten any complaints (some almost timid
> reminders about a patch I have forgotten or ignored, but nothing
> negative so far).
>
> Don't take the above to mean that I'll stop the day somebody complains:
> I'm thick-skinned (Lasu, who is reading this over my shoulder commented
> that "thick-HEADED is closer to the truth") enough to take some abuse.
> If I weren't, I'd have stopped developing linux the day ast ridiculed me
> on c.o.minix.  What I mean is just that while linux has been my baby so
> far, I don't want to stand in the way if people want to make something
> better of it (*).
>
>                 Linus
>
> (*) Hey, maybe I could apply for a saint-hood from the Pope.  Does
> somebody know what his email-address is? I'm so nice it makes you puke.
(Taken from Linus's reply to someone worried about the future of Linux)
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
		-- Bertolt Brecht
One can search the brain with a microscope and not find the
mind, and can search the stars with a telescope and not find God.
		-- J. Gustav White
Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound. - Peanuts
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway
He laughs at every joke three times... once when it's told, once when
it's explained, and once when he understands it.
Simon's Law:
	Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.
Lost: gray and white female cat.  Answers to electric can opener.
Andrea's Admonition:
	Never bestow profanity upon a driver who has wronged you.
	If you think his window is closed and he can't hear you,
	it isn't and he can.
One bright Sunday morning, in the shadows of the steeple,
By the Relief Office, I seen my people;
As they stood there hungry, I stood there whistling,
This land was made for you and me.

Nobody living can ever stop me,
As I go walking that freedom highway;
Nobody living can ever make me turn back,
This land was made for you and me.

As I went walking, I saw a sign there,
And on the sign it said: "No Trespassing."
But on the other side, it didn't say nothing,
That side was made for you and me.
		-- Woody Guthrie, "This Land Is Your Land" (verses 4, 6, 7)
	[If you ever wondered why Arlo was so anti-establishment when his dad
	 wrote such wonderful patriotic songs, the answer is that you haven't
	 heard all of Woody's songs]
The assertion that "all men are created equal" was of no practical use
in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the
Declaration not for that, but for future use.
		--  Abraham Lincoln
Blast medicine anyway!  We've learned to tie into every organ in the
human body but one.  The brain!  The brain is what life is all about.
		-- McCoy, "The Menagerie", stardate 3012.4
Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American:
	The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.
I had pancake makeup for brunch!
They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when
not actually threatened.  How very nice for authority.  I decided not to
learn this particular lesson.
		-- Richard Stallman
Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
		-- Spock, "The Enterprise Incident", stardate 5027.4
Yow!  Am I having fun yet?
You can bring any calculator you like to the midterm, as long as it
doesn't dim the lights when you turn it on.
		-- Hepler, Systems Design 182
Weed's Axiom:
	Never ask two questions in a business letter.
	The reply will discuss the one in which you are
	least interested and say nothing about the other.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.  Watch for it everywhere.
Peanut Blossoms

4 cups sugar           16 tbsp. milk
4 cups brown sugar     4 tsp. vanilla
4 cups shortening      14 cups flour
8 eggs                 4 tsp. soda
4 cups peanut butter   4 tsp. salt

Shape dough into balls.  Roll in sugar and bake on ungreased cookie
sheet at 375 F. for 10-12 minutes.  Immediately top each cookie with a
Hershey's kiss or star pressing down firmly to crack cookie.  Makes a
heck of a lot.
	Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas.  Five years later?
Six?  It seems like a lifetime, or at least a Main Era -- the kind of peak that
never comes again.  San Fransisco in the middle sixties was a very special time
and place to be a part of.  Maybe it meant something.  Maybe not, in the long
run...  There was madness in any direction, at any hour.  If not across the
Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda...  You could
strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we
were doing was right, that we were winning...
	And that, I think, was the handle -- that sense of inevitable victory
over the forces of Old and Evil.  Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't
need that. Our energy would simply prevail.  There was no point in fighting
-- on our side or theirs.  We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest
of a high and beautiful wave.  So now, less than five years later, you can go
up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes
you can almost ___see the high-water mark -- that place where the wave finally
broke and rolled back.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
"The Avis WIZARD decides if you get to drive a car. Your head won't touch the
pillow of a Sheraton unless their computer says it's okay."
-- Arthur Miller
Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.  Their tastes
may not be the same.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Let the machine do the dirty work.
		-- "Elements of Programming Style", Kernighan and Ritchie
Your password is pitifully obvious.
Two men came before Nasrudin when he was magistrate.  The first man said,
"This man has bitten my ear -- I demand compensation." The second man said,
"He bit it himself." Nasrudin withdrew to his chambers, and spent an hour
trying to bite his own ear.  He succeeded only in falling over and bruising
his forehead.  Returning to the courtroom, Nasrudin pronounced, "Examine the
man whose ear was bitten. If his forehead is bruised, he did it himself and
the case is dismissed.  If his forehead is not bruised, the other man did it
and must pay three silver pieces."
Humor in the Court:
Q: Are you sexually active?
A: No, I just lie there.
The problems of business administration in general, and database management in
particular are much to difficult for people that think in IBMese, compounded
with sloppy english.
		-- Edsger Dijkstra
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat!!
Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.
Too much of everything is just enough.
		-- Bob Wier
Tell me why the stars do shine,
Tell me why the ivy twines,
Tell me why the sky's so blue,
And I will tell you just why I love you.

	Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine,
	Phototropism makes ivy twine,
	Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue,
	Sexual hormones are why I love you.
Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again.
God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again.
		-- Woody Allen, "Hannah and Her Sisters"
You first parents of the human race... who ruined yourself for an apple,
what might you have done for a truffled turkey?
		-- Brillat-savarin, "Physiologie du Gout"
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[131.16d]:
       "Directional signals are generally not used except during vehicle
        inspection; however, a left-turn signal is appropriate when making
        a U-turn on a divided highway."

[96.7b]:
       "When paying tolls, remember that it is necessary to release the
        quarter a full 3 seconds before passing the basket if you are
        traveling more than 60 MPH."

[110.13]:
       "When traveling on a one-way street, stay to the right, so as not
        to interfere with oncoming traffic."
Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a
percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler
There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.
Disco oil bussing will create a throbbing naugahide pipeline running
straight to the tropics from the rug producing regions and devalue the dollar!
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
A freelance is one who gets paid by the word -- per piece or perhaps.
		-- Robert Benchley
Speak roughly to your little boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
He only does it to annoy
	Because he knows it teases.
	Wow!  wow!  wow!

I speak severely to my boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
For he can thoroughly enjoy
	The pepper when he pleases!
	Wow!  wow!  wow!
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Alice in Wonderland"
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. 
This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Here I am in the POSTERIOR OLFACTORY LOBULE but I don't see CARL SAGAN
anywhere!!
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 3

proof by obfuscation:
	A long plotless sequence of true and/or meaningless 
	syntactically related statements.

proof by wishful citation:
	The author cites the negation, converse, or generalization of 
	a theorem from the literature to support his claims.

proof by funding:
	How could three different government agencies be wrong?

proof by eminent authority:
	'I saw Karp in the elevator and he said it was probably NP-
	complete.' 

America has been discovered before, but it has always been hushed up.
- Oscar Wilde
This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.
"Atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed."
-- Robin, The Boy Wonder
"You would do well not to imagine profundity," he said.  "Anything that seems
of momentous occasion should be dwelt upon as though it were of slight note.
Conversely, trivialities must be attended to with the greatest of care.
Because death is momentous, give it no thought; because victory is important,
give it no thought; because the method of achievement and discovery is less
momentous than the effect, dwell always upon the method.  You will strengthen
yourself in this way."
		-- Jessica Salmonson, "The Swordswoman"
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
How do I type "for i in *.dvi do xdvi i done" in a GUI?
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of interfaces.)
Two is company, three is an orgy.
	Deck us all with Boston Charlie,
	Walla Walla, Wash., an' Kalamazoo!
	Nora's freezin' on the trolley,
	Swaller dollar cauliflower, alleygaroo!

	Don't we know archaic barrel,
	Lullaby Lilla Boy, Louisville Lou.
	Trolley Molly don't love Harold,
	Boola boola Pensacoola hullabaloo!
		-- Pogo, "Deck Us All With Boston Charlie" [Walt Kelly]
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
"There is no statute of limitations on stupidity."
-- Randomly produced by a computer program called Markov3.
When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if
I had any firearms with me.  I said, "Well, what do you need?"
		-- Steven Wright
About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt
ax.  It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
		-- Edsger Dijkstra
Johnson's law:
	Systems resemble the organizations that create them.
Engineering:    "How will this work?"
Science:        "Why will this work?"
Management:     "When will this work?"
Liberal Arts:   "Do you want fries with that?"
Well I looked at my watch and it said a quarter to five,
The headline screamed that I was still alive,
I couldn't understand it, I thought I died last night.
I dreamed I'd been in a border town,
In a little cantina that the boys had found,
I was desperate to dance, just to dig the local sounds.
When along came a senorita,
She looked so good that I had to meet her,
I was ready to approach her with my English charm,
When her brass knuckled boyfriend grabbed me by the arm,
And he said, grow some funk of your own, amigo,
Grow some funk of your own.
We no like to with the gringo fight,
But there might be a death in Mexico tonite.
...
Take my advice, take the next flight,
And grow some funk, grow your funk at home.
		-- Elton John, "Grow Some Funk of Your Own"
Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	When are you going to grow up?
	I'm only doing this for your own good.
	Why are you crying?  Stop crying, or I'll give you something to
		cry about.
	What's wrong with you?
	Someday you'll thank me for this.
	You'd lose your head if it weren't attached.
	Don't you have any sense at all?
	If you keep sucking your thumb, it'll fall off.
	Why?  Because I said so.
	I hope you have a kid just like yourself.
We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are
free from great ones.
		-- La Rouchefoucauld
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
Another goal is to establish a relationship "in which it is OK for everybody
to do their best.  There are an awful lot of people in management who really
don't want subordinates to do their best, because it gets to be very
threatening.  But we have found that both internally and with outside
designers if we are willing to have this kind of relationship and if we're
willing to be vulnerable to what will come out of it, we get really good
work."
-- Max DePree, chairman and CEO of Herman Miller Inc., "Herman Miller's 
   Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
"Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain."
-- The Wizard Of Oz
Here in my heart, I am Helen;
	I'm Aspasia and Hero, at least.
I'm Judith, and Jael, and Madame de Sta"el;
	I'm Salome, moon of the East.

Here in my soul I am Sappho;
	Lady Hamilton am I, as well.
In me R'ecamier vies with Kitty O'Shea,
	With Dido, and Eve, and poor Nell.

I'm all of the glamorous ladies
	At whose beckoning history shook.
But you are a man, and see only my pan,
	So I stay at home with a book.
		-- Dorothy Parker
English literature's performing flea.
		-- Sean O'Casey on P.G. Wodehouse
Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.
Change is the essential process of all existence.
		-- Spock, "Let That Be Your Last Battlefield", stardate 5730.2
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
		-- Mark Twain
"If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far."
		-- Paul White
Do you know the one -- "All I ask is a tall ship, and a star to steer
her by ..."  You could feel the wind at your back, about you ...  the
sounds of the sea beneath you.  And even if you take away the wind and
the water, it's still the same.  The ship is yours ... you can feel her
... and the stars are still there.
		-- Kirk, "The Ultimate Computer", stardate 4729.4
When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six.  Mother took me to
see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.
		-- Shirley Temple
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from the hills after
the battle is over and shoot the wounded.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men
have mediocrity thrust upon them.
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"
"If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do:  Pour a little
Lavoris in the toilet."
		-- Jay Leno
Scientists were preparing an experiment to ask the ultimate question.
They had worked for months gathering one each of every computer that was
built. Finally the big day was at hand.  All the computers were linked
together.  They asked the question, "Is there a God?".  Lights started
blinking, flashing and blinking some more.  Suddenly, there was a loud
crash, and a bolt of lightning came down from the sky, struck the
computers, and welded all the connections permanently together.  "There
is now", came the reply.
Never appeal to a man's "better nature."  He may not have one.
Invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage.
		-- Lazarus Long
Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.
I need to discuss BUY-BACK PROVISIONS with at least six studio SLEAZEBALLS!!
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky
	I think for the most part that the readership here uses the c-word in
a similar fashion.  I don't think anybody really believes in a new, revolution-
ary literature --- I think they use `cyberpunk' as a term of convenience to
discuss the common stylistic elements in a small subset of recent sf books.
-- Jeff G. Bone
There's something different about us -- different from people of Europe,
Africa, Asia ... a deep and abiding belief in the Easter Bunny.
		-- G. Gordon Liddy
I'm not afraid of death -- I just don't want to be there when it happens.
		-- Woody Allen
If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Being a BALD HERO is almost as FESTIVE as a TATTOOED KNOCKWURST.
Why on earth do people buy old bottles of wine when they can get a
fresh one for a quarter of the price?
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis
Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
		-- Oscar Wilde
A pretty woman can do anything; an ugly woman must do everything.
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
		-- Saki, "Reginald's Choir Treat"
The magic of our first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
On Thanksgiving Day all over America, families sit down to dinner at the
same moment -- halftime.
Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in
the world that just don't add up.
Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around
the sun.  At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when
evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person
can doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.  That all
present life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic
time, is as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.  Biologists differ
only with respect to theories about how the process operates.
- Martin Gardner, "Irving Kristol and the Facts of Life", 
   The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, ppg. 128-131
The boy stood on the burning deck,
Eating peanuts by the peck.
His father called him, but he could not go,
For he loved those peanuts so.
Dime is money.
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
		-- Michael Winner, British film director
Lots of girls can be had for a song.  Unfortunately, it often turns out to
be the wedding march.
	The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in
a position of negative need.
	He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
	He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous
liquid.
	He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
	He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal
prestige of His identity.
	It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make
ambulatory progress through the umbragious inter-hill mortality slot, terror
sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
	Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me
into a pleasurific mood state.
	You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure
in the context of non-cooperative elements.
	You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
	My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
	It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational
empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their
target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess
tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended
time basis.
	An older student came to Otis and said, "I have been to see a
great number of teachers and I have given up a great number of pleasures.
I have fasted, been celibate and stayed awake nights seeking enlightenment.
I have given up everything I was asked to give up and I have suffered, but
I have not been enlightened.  What should I do?"
	Otis replied, "Give up suffering."
		-- Camden Benares, "Zen Without Zen Masters"
The only rose without thorns is friendship.
Pauca sed matura.
	[Few but excellent.]
		-- Gauss
Harris's Lament:
	All the good ones are taken.
Gordon's Law:
	If you think you have the solution, the question was poorly phrased.
FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #2
What to do...
    if you get a phone call from Mars:
	Speak slowly and be sure to enunciate your words properly.  Limit
	your vocabulary to simple words.  Try to determine if you are
	speaking to someone in a leadership capacity, or an ordinary citizen.

    if he, she or it doesn't speak English?
	Hang up.  There's no sense in trying to learn Martian over the phone.
	If your Martian really had something important to say to you, he, she
	or it would have taken the trouble to learn the language before
	calling.

    if you get a phone call from Jupiter?
	Explain to your caller, politely but firmly, that being from Jupiter,
	he, she or it is not "life as we know it".  Try to terminate the
	conversation as soon as possible.  It will not profit you, and the
	charges may have been reversed.
If a person is FAMOUS in this country, they have to go on the ROAD for
MONTHS at a time and have their name misspelled on the SIDE of a
GREYHOUND SCENICRUISER!!
QOTD:
	"Wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-Z?"
...and report cards I was always afraid to show
Mama'd come to school
and as I'd sit there softly cryin'
Teacher'd say he's just not tryin'
Got a good head if he'd apply it
but you know yourself
it's always somewhere else
I'd build me a castle
with dragons and kings
and I'd ride off with them
As I stood by my window
and looked out on those
Brooklyn roads
		-- Neil Diamond, "Brooklyn Roads"
Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.
The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going in a
	direction you did not want.   (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long way.)
		-- Dan Roddick
If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will
serve us right.
		-- Alistair Cooke
Thousands of days of civilians ... have produced a ... feeling for the
aesthetic modules --
Hippogriff, n.:
	An animal (now extinct) which was half horse and half griffin.
	The griffin was itself a compound creature, half lion and half eagle.
	The hippogriff was actually, therefore, only one quarter eagle, which
	is two dollars and fifty cents in gold.  The study of zoology is full
	of surprises.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
	"Wrong," said Renner.
	"The tactful way," Rod said quietly, "the polite way to disagree with
the Senator would be to say, `That turns out not to be the case.'"
Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.
I stood on the leading edge,
The eastern seaboard at my feet.
"Jump!" said Yoko Ono
I'm too scared and good-looking, I cried.
Go on and give it a try,
Why prolong the agony, all men must die.
		-- Roger Waters, "The Pros and Cons of Hitchhiking"
"Experience has proved that some people indeed know everything."
-- Russell Baker
A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed
on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new
game.  Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the
pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly
along it at the water's edge.  Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their
heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn
around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite
direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.  Then, the
paper reports "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin
colony and overfly it.  Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins
fall over gently onto their backs.
		-- Audobon Society Magazine
Once again dread deed is done.
Canon sleeps,
his all-knowing eye shaded
to human chance and circumstance.
Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley,
but Canon's sleep is troubled.

Beware, scant days past the Ides of July.
Impatient hands wait eagerly
to grasp, to hold
scant moments of time
wrested from life in the full
glory of Canon's power;
held captive by his unblinking eye.

Three golden orbs stand watch;
one each to toll the day, hour, minute
until predestiny decrees his reawakening.
When that feared moment arives,
"Ask not for whom the bell tolls,
It tolls for thee."
		-- "I extended the loan on your Camera, at the Pine
		   Valley Pawn Shop today"
Aim for the moon.  If you miss, you may hit a star.
		-- W. Clement Stone
Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings, and speech only to
conceal their thoughts.
		-- Voltaire
Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands, meet exciting interesting people,
and kill them.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Hmmm ... A hash-singer and a cross-eyed guy were SLEEPING on a deserted
island, when ...
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
And miles to go before I sleep.
		-- Robert Frost
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first
overcome.
		-- Dr. Johnson
The Road goes ever on and on
Down from the door where it began.
Now far ahead the Road has gone,
And I must follow, if I can,
Pursuing it with eager feet,
Until it joins some larger way
Where many paths and errands meet.
And whither then?  I cannot say.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
... Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an
inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.  Most notably I have
ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.  Well, I
haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected
it.  There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between 
prejudice and postjudice.  Prejudice is making a judgment before you have
looked at the facts.  Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.  Prejudice
is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious
mistakes.  Postjudice is not terrible.  You can't be perfect of course; you
may make mistakes also.  But it is permissible to make a judgment after you
have examined the evidence.  In some circles it is even encouraged.
		-- Carl Sagan, "The Burden of Skepticism"
Roses are red;
	Violets are blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	And so am I.
Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
A soft drink turneth away company.
Rincewind had generally been considered by his tutors to be a natural wizard
in the same way that fish are natural mountaineers.  He probably would have
been thrown out of Unseen University anyway--he couldn't remember spells and
smoking made him feel ill.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.
An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize
winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.  He was amazed to find that
over Bohr's desk was a horseshoe, securely nailed to the wall, with the
open end up in the approved manner (so it would catch the good luck and not
let it spill out).  The American said with a nervous laugh,
	"Surely you don't believe the horseshoe will bring you good luck,
do you, Professor Bohr?  After all, as a scientist --"
Bohr chuckled.
	"I believe no such thing, my good friend.  Not at all.  I am
scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.  However, I am told
that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not."
The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:
	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.
Sushido, n.:
	The way of the tuna.
Responsibility:
	Everyone says that having power is a great responsibility.  This is
a lot of bunk.  Responsibility is when someone can blame you if something
goes wrong.  When you have power you are surrounded by people whose job it
is to take the blame for your mistakes.  If they're smart, that is.
		-- Cerebus, "On Governing"
This fortune intentionally says nothing.
The tree of research must from time to time be refreshed with the blood
of bean counters.
		-- Alan Kay
I had pancake makeup for brunch!
"To IBM, 'open' means there is a modicum of interoperability among some of their
equipment."
-- Harv Masterson
Here we are in America ... when do we collect unemployment?
We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little,
that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.
People in general do not willingly read if they have anything else to
amuse them.
		-- S. Johnson
We are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others.
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing
thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
		-- Alan Perlis
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

It is a rule of evidence deduced from the experience of mankind and
supported by reason and authority that positive testimony is entitled to
more weight than negative testimony, but by the latter term is meant
negative testimony in its true sense and not positive evidence of a
negative, because testimony in support of a negative may be as positive
as that in support of an affirmative.
		-- 254 Pac. Rep. 472.
If you had just a minute to breathe,
And they granted you one final wish,
Would you ask for something
Like another chance?
		-- Traffic, "The Low Spark of High Heeled Boys"
The scum also rises.
		-- Dr. Hunter S. Thompson
Mind your own business, Spock.  I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
Come live with me, and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands, and crystal brooks,
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
		-- John Donne
Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
		-- Kim Hubbard
I think that all good, right thinking people in this country are sick and
tired of being told that all good, right thinking people in this country are
fed up with being told that all good, right thinking people in this country
are fed up with being sick and tired.  I'm certainly not, and I'm sick and
tired of being told that I am!
		-- Monty Python
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
		-- Harry Truman
God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.
		-- Samuel Butler
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
My soul is crushed, my spirit sore
I do not like me anymore,
I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse,
I ponder on the narrow house
I shudder at the thought of men
I'm due to fall in love again.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Enough Rope"
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
In dwelling, be close to the land.
In meditation, delve deep into the heart.
In dealing with others, be gentle and kind.
In speech, be true.
In work, be competent.
In action, be careful of your timing.
		-- Lao Tsu
The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable
that I assume it must be evil.
		-- Heywood Broun
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
- Alan Turing
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutang trying to play the violin.
		-- Honor'e DeBalzac
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
		-- H.H. Munro, "Saki"
That's odd.  That's very odd.  Wouldn't you say that's very odd?
Many Myths are based on truth
		-- Spock, "The Way to Eden",  stardate 5832.3
===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

CAR and CDR now return extra values.

The function CAR now returns two values.  Since it has to go to the trouble 
to figure out if the object is carcdr-able anyway, we figured you might as 
well get both halves at once.  For example, the following code shows how to 
destructure a cons (SOME-CONS) into its two slots (THE-CAR and THE-CDR):

	(MULTIPLE-VALUE-BIND (THE-CAR THE-CDR) (CAR SOME-CONS) ...)

For symmetry with CAR, CDR returns a second value which is the CAR of the
object.  In a related change, the functions MAKE-ARRAY and CONS have been 
fixed so they don't allocate any storage except on the stack.  This should
hopefully help people who don't like using the garbage collector because
it cold boots the machine so often.
[Norm is angry.]

Woody: What can I get you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Clifford Clavin's head.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Sam:  Hey, what's happening, Norm?
Norm: Well, it's a dog-eat-dog world, Sammy,
      and I'm wearing Milk-Bone underwear.
		-- Cheers, The Peterson Principle

Sam:  How's life in the fast lane, Normie?
Norm: Beats me, I can't find the on-ramp.
		-- Cheers, Diane Chambers Day
Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.
teamwork, n.:
	Having someone to blame.
gyroscope, n.:
	A wheel or disk mounted to spin rapidly about an axis and also
	free to rotate about one or both of two axes perpindicular to
	each other and the axis of spin so that a rotation of one of the
	two mutually perpendicular axes results from application of
	torque to the other when the wheel is spinning and so that the
	entire apparatus offers considerable opposition depending on
	the angular momentum to any torque that would change the direction
	of the axis of spin.
		-- Webster's Seventh New Collegiate Dictionary
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
RHAPSODY in Glue!
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable.
-- Thomas Jefferson
When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before --
except our fingertips will have been singed.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
Corruption is not the #1 priority of the Police Commissioner.  His job
is to enforce the law and fight crime.
		-- P.B.A. President E. J. Kiernan
Interchangeable parts won't.
If men acted after marriage as they do during courtship, there would
be fewer divorces -- and more bankruptcies.
		-- Frances Rodman
"As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and
I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist.
This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls." 
-- Matt Cartmill
Praise the sea; on shore remain.
		-- John Florio
		Answers to Last Fortune's Questions:

	(1) None.  (Moses didn't have an ark).
	(2) Your mother, by the pigeonhole principle.
	(3) I don't know.
	(4) Who cares?
	(5) 6 (or maybe 4, or else 3).  Mr. Alfred J. Duncan of Podunk,
	    Montana, submitted an interesting solution to Problem 5.
	(6) There is an interesting solution to this problem on page 1029 of my
	    book, which you can pick up for $23.95 at finer bookstores and
	    bathroom supply outlets (or 99 cents at the table in front of
	    Papyrus Books).
Ducks?  What ducks??
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
Now I'm having INSIPID THOUGHTS about the beatiful, round wives of
HOLLYWOOD MOVIE MOGULS encased in PLEXIGLASS CARS and being approached
by SMALL BOYS selling FRUIT ...
Please go away.
"Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company."
-- Mark Twain
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
"One size fits all":
	Doesn't fit anyone.
I realize that command does have its fascination, even under
circumstances such as these, but I neither enjoy the idea of command
nor am I frightened of it.  It simply exists, and I will do whatever
logically needs to be done.
		-- Spock, "The Galileo Seven", stardate 2812.7
... proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
		-- David Baker, paraphrasing Harold Urey, in
		   "The History of Manned Space Flight"
I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.
Grabel's Law:
	2 is not equal to 3 -- not even for large values of 2.
The price of success in philosophy is triviality.
		-- C. Glymour.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to
time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Critic as Artist"
Famous last words:
You will be dead within a year.
SMOKING IS NOW ALLOWED !!!
	Anyone wishing to smoke, however, must file, in triplicate, the
	U.S. government Environmental Impact Narrative Statement (EINS),
	describing in detail the type of combustion proposed, impact on
	the environment, and anticipated opposition.  Statements must be
	filed 30 days in advance.
Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.
I owe, I owe,
It's off to work I go...
Two men were sitting over coffee, contemplating the nature of things,
with all due respect for their breakfast.  "I wonder why it is that
toast always falls on the buttered side," said one.
	"Tell me," replied his friend, "why you say such a thing.  Look
at this."  And he dropped his toast on the floor, where it landed on the
dry side.
	"So, what have you to say for your theory now?"
	"What am I to say?  You obviously buttered the wrong side."
The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems
is a symptom of professional immaturity.
		-- Edsger Dijkstra
Kirk to Enterprise -- beam down yeoman Rand and a six-pack.
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people
are right more than half of the time.
		-- E. B. White
All phone calls are obscene.
		-- Karen Elizabeth Gordon
You can't cheat the phone company.
"I will make no bargains with terrorist hardware."
-- Peter da Silva
Q:	What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
A:	Six sick Sikhs (sic).
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, Jack Frost nipping at your nose?
Norm:  Yep, now let's get Joe Beer nipping at my liver, huh?
		-- Cheers, Feeble Attraction

Sam:  What are you up to Norm?
Norm: My ideal weight if I were eleven feet tall.
		-- Cheers, Bar Wars III: The Return of Tecumseh

Woody: Nice cold beer coming up, Mr. Peterson.
Norm:  You mean, `Nice cold beer going *down* Mr. Peterson.'
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
		-- W.C. Bennett
Actually, typing random strings in the Finder does the equivalent of
filename completion.
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands: file
completion vs. the Mac Finder.)
Ho! Tom Bombadil, Tom Bombadillo!
By water, wood and hill, by reed and willow,
By fire, sun and moon, harken now and hear us!
Come, Tom Bombadil, for our need is near us!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it.  You have to
eat it nevertheless.
		-- Flaubert
Ballistophobia:
	Fear of bullets;
Otophobia:
	Fear of opening one's eyes.
Peccatophobia:
	Fear of sinning.
Taphephobia:
	Fear of being buried alive.
Sitophobia:
	Fear of food.
Trichophobbia:
	Fear of hair.
Vestiphobia:
	Fear of clothing.
Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right
to use the editorial "we".
		-- Mark Twain
Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I cannot
remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in daydreams about
women.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
	In the days when Sussman was a novice Minsky once came to him as he
sat hacking at the PDP-6.
	"What are you doing?", asked Minsky.
	"I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-Tac-Toe."
	"Why is the net wired randomly?", inquired Minsky.
	"I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play".
	At this Minsky shut his eyes, and Sussman asked his teacher "Why do
you close your eyes?"
	"So that the room will be empty."
	At that momment, Sussman was enlightened.
Birds and bees have as much to do with the facts of life as black
nightgowns do with keeping warm.
		-- Hester Mundis, "Powermom"
X windows:
	You'd better sit down.
	Don't laugh.  It could be YOUR thesis project.
	Why do it right when you can do it wrong?
	Live the nightmare.
	Our bugs run faster.
	When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight.
	There ARE no rules.
	You'll wish we were kidding.
	Everything you never wanted in a window system.  And more.
	Dissatisfaction guaranteed.
	There's got to be a better way.
	The next best thing to keypunching.
	Leave the thrashing to us.
	We wrote the book on core dumps.
	Even your dog won't like it.
	More than enough rope.
	Garbage at your fingertips.

Incompatibility.  Shoddiness.  Uselessness.
	X windows.
Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot
talk about after dinner.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"
Column 1		Column 2		Column 3

0. integrated		0. management		0. options
1. total		1. organizational	1. flexibility
2. systematized		2. monitored		2. capability
3. parallel		3. reciprocal		3. mobility
4. functional		4. digital		4. programming
5. responsive		5. logistical		5. concept
6. optional		6. transitional		6. time-phase
7. synchronized		7. incremental		7. projection
8. compatible		8. third-generation	8. hardware
9. balanced		9. policy		9. contingency

	The procedure is simple.  Think of any three-digit number, then select
the corresponding buzzword from each column.  For instance, number 257 produces
"systematized logistical projection," a phrase that can be dropped into
virtually any report with that ring of decisive, knowledgeable authority.  "No
one will have the remotest idea of what you're talking about," says Broughton,
"but the important thing is that they're not about to admit it."
		-- Philip Broughton, "How to Win at Wordsmanship"
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
		-- Albert Camus
"Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and 
those inside desperate to get out."
-- Montaigne
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
rugged, adj.:
	Too heavy to lift.
Yow!  Is this sexual intercourse yet??  Is it, huh, is it??
Some men are heterosexual, and some are bisexual, and some men don't think
about sex at all... they become lawyers.
		-- Woody Allen
Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.
"He don't know me vewy well, DO he?"   -- Bugs Bunny
Just a few of the perfect excuses for having some strawberry shortcake.
Pick one.

	 (1)	It's less calories than two pieces of strawberry shortcake.
	 (2)	It's cheaper than going to France.
	 (3)	It neutralizes the brownies I had yesterday.
	 (4)	Life is short.
	 (5)	It's somebody's birthday.  I don't want them to celebrate alone.
	 (6)	It matches my eyes.
	 (7)	Whoever said, "Let them eat cake." must have been talking to me.
	 (8)	To punish myself for eating dessert yesterday.
	 (9)	Compensation for all the time I spend in the shower not eating.
	(10)	Strawberry shortcake is evil.  I must help rid the world of it.
	(11)	I'm getting weak from eating all that healthy stuff.
	(12)	It's the second anniversary of the night I ate plain broccoli.
Men who cherish for women the highest respect are seldom popular with them.
		-- Joseph Addison
_/I\_____________o______________o___/I\     l  * /    /_/ *   __  '     .* l
I"""_____________l______________l___"""I\   l      *//      _l__l_   . *.  l
 [__][__][(******)__][__](******)[__][] \l  l-\ ---//---*----(oo)----------l
 [][__][__(******)][__][_(******)_][__] l   l  \\ // ____ >-(    )-<    /  l
 [__][__][_l    l[__][__][l    l][__][] l   l \\)) ._****_.(......) .@@@:::l
 [][__][__]l   .l_][__][__]   .l__][__] l   l   ll  _(o_o)_        (@*_*@  l
 [__][__][/   <_)[__][__]/   <_)][__][] l   l   ll (  / \  )     /   / / ) l
 [][__][ /..,/][__][__][/..,/_][__][__] l   l  / \\  _\  \_   /     _\_\   l
 [__][__(__/][__][__][_(__/_][__][__][] l   l______________________________l
 [__][__]] l     ,  , .      [__][__][] l
 [][__][_] l   . i. '/ ,     [][__][__] l        /\**/\       season's
 [__][__]] l  O .\ / /, O    [__][__][] l       ( o_o  )_)       greetings
_[][__][_] l__l======='=l____[][__][__] l_______,(u  u  ,),__________________
 [__][__]]/  /l\-------/l\   [__][__][]/       {}{}{}{}{}{}<R>

In Ellen's house it is warm and toasty while fuzzies play in the snow outside.

When the government bureau's remedies don't match your problem, you modify
the problem, not the remedy.
Never eat anything bigger than your head.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
Dawn, n.:
	The time when men of reason go to bed.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
QOTD:
	"It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing."
Murphy's Law is recursive.  Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,
And danced the skies on laughter silvered wings;
Sunward I've climbed and joined the tumbling mirth
Of sun-split clouds and done a hundred things
You have not dreamed of --
Wheeled and soared and swung
High in the sunlit silence.
Hovering there
I've chased the shouting wind along and flung
My eager craft through footless halls of air.
Up, up along delirious, burning blue
I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,
Where never lark, or even eagle flew;
And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod
The high untrespassed sanctity of space,
Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
		-- John Gillespie Magee Jr., "High Flight"
Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
There was a phone call for you.
In a surprise raid last night, federal agents ransacked a house in search
of a rebel computer hacker.  However, they were unable to complete the arrest
because the warrant was made out in the name of Don Provan, while the only
person in the house was named don provan.  Proving, once again, that Unix is
superior to Tops10.
Photographing a volcano is just about the most miserable thing you can do.
		-- Robert B. Goodman
	[Who has clearly never tried to use a PDP-10.  Ed.]
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Walters' Rule:
	All airline flights depart from the gates most distant from
	the center of the terminal.  Nobody ever had a reservation
	on a plane that left Gate 1.
In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato
Life only demands from you the strength you possess.
Only one feat is possible -- not to have run away.
		-- Dag Hammarskjold
A prediction is worth twenty explanations.
		-- K. Brecher
You are standing on my toes.
UFOs are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
Look, we trade every day out there with hustlers, deal-makers, shysters,
con-men.  That's the way businesses get started.  That's the way this
country was built.
		-- Hubert Allen
Tim and I a hunting went
We found three damsels in a tent,
As they were three, and we were two,
I bucked one and Timbuktu.
		-- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"
I'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you.
To a New Yorker, the only California houses on the market for less than a
million dollars are those on fire.  These generally go for six hundred
thousand.
	-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts
We dedicate this book to our fellow citizens who, for love of truth, take from
their own wants by taxes and gifts, and now and then send forth one of
themselves as dedicated servant, to forward the search into the mysteries and
marvelous simplicities of this strange and beautiful Universe, Our home.
		-- "Gravitation", Misner, Thorne, and Wheeler
we:
	The single most important word in the world.
"I'm not a god, I was misquoted."
-- Lister, Red Dwarf
When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half loop?
Gray's Law of Programming:
	`_n+1' trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same
	time as `_n' tasks.

Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law:
	`_n+1' trivial tasks take twice as long as `_n' trivial tasks.
Shick's Law:
	There is no problem a good miracle can't solve.
Q:	What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
A:	Zorn's Lemon.
Money is truthful.  If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
		-- Lazarus Long
When in trouble or in doubt,
run in circles, scream and shout.
"I'd love to go out with you, but I have to floss my cat."
Always draw your curves, then plot your reading.
I know what "custody" [of the children] means.  "Get even."  That's all
custody means.  Get even with your old lady.
		-- Lenny Bruce
Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #5.

Mi ^cevalovipus vin se mi havus		I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
	^cevalon.
Vere vi ^sercas.			You must be kidding.
Nu, parDOOOOOnu min!			Well exCUUUUUSE me!
Kiu invitis vin?			Who invited you?
Kion vi diris pri mia patrino?		What did you say about my mother?
Bu^so^stopu min per kulero.		Gag me with a spoon.
Paul's Law:
	In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you save.
The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it
seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the
fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving
after rational knowledge.
- Albert Einstein
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#5

Trust:
	The average woman would really like to be told if her mate is fooling
around behind her back.  This same woman wouldn't tell her best friend if
she knew the best friends' mate was having an affair.  She'll tell all her
OTHER friends, however.  The average man won't say anything if he knows that
one of his friend's mates is fooling around, and he'd rather not know if
his mate is having an affair either, out of fear that it might be with one
of his friends.  He will tell all his friends about his own affairs, though,
so they can be ready if he needs an alibi.

Driving:
	A typical man thinks he's Mario Andretti as soon as he slips behind
the wheel of his car.  The fact that it's an 8-year-old Honda doesn't keep
him from trying to out-accelerate the guy in the Porsche who's attempting
to cut him off; freeway on-ramps are exciting challenges to see who has The
Right Stuff on the morning commute.  Does he or doesn't he?  Only his body
shop knows for sure.  Insurance companies understand this behavior, and
price their policies accordingly.
	A woman will slow down to let a car merge in front of her, and get
rear-ended by another woman who was busy adding the finishing touches to
her makeup.
...the Soviets have the capability to try big projects.  If there is a goal,
such as when Gorbachev states that they are going to have nuclear-powered
aircraft carriers, the case is closed -- that is it.  They will concentrate
on the problem, do a bad job, and later pay the price.  They really don't
care what the price is.
-- Victor Belenko, MiG-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976
   "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 100
Suicide is simply a case of mistaken identity.
	"How many people work here?"
	"Oh, about half."
Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
		-- Joe Cointment
Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.
Azh nazg durbatal^uk, azh nazg gimbatul,
Azh nazg thrakatal^uk agh burzum ishi krimpatul!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
It is surely a great calamity for a human being to have no obsessions.
- Robert Bly
The Preacher, the Politician, the Teacher,
	Were each of them once a kiddie.
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
	Do I want one?  God Forbiddie!
		-- Ogden Nash
You don't have to be nice to people on the way up if you're not planning on
coming back down.
		-- Oliver Warbucks, "Annie"
FORCE YOURSELF TO RELAX!
What on earth would a man do with himself if something did not stand in his way?
		-- H.G. Wells
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?  In that case, I
definitely overpaid for my carpet.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"
"I take Him shopping with me. I say, 'OK, Jesus, help me find a bargain'" 
--Tammy Faye Bakker
Plato, by the way, wanted to banish all poets from his proposed Utopia
because they were liars.  The truth was that Plato knew philosophers
couldn't compete successfully with poets.
		-- Kilgore Trout (Philip J. Farmer), "Venus on the Half Shell"
Easy come and easy go,
	some call me easy money,
Sometimes life is full of laughs,
	and sometimes it ain't funny
You may think that I'm a fool
	and sometimes that is true,
But I'm goin' to heaven in a flash of fire,
	with or without you.
		-- Hoyt Axton
Math is like love -- a simple idea but it can get complicated.
		-- R. Drabek
"When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical."
		-- Jon Carroll
Now my EMOTIONAL RESOURCES are heavily committed to 23% of the SMELTING
and REFINING industry of the state of NEVADA!!
May you have many handsome and obedient sons.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
		-- Daniel Hudson Burnham
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak
it to?
		-- Clarence Darrow
The only thing better than love is milk.
Scientists still know less about what attracts men than they do about
what attracts mosquitoes.
		-- Dr. Joyce Brothers,
		"What Every Woman Should Know About Men"
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
		-- Scottish Proverb
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
"A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives."
Is a tattoo real, like a curb or a battleship?  Or are we suffering in Safeway?
A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
		-- George Eliot
Preserve Wildlife!  Throw a party today!
Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and
interface circuit details.  The two models, however, are not compatible
on the same communications line connection.
		-- Bell System Technical Reference
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
"And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what 
the dictionary says it means, you go to jail. No exceptions."
-- David Jones @ Megatest Corporation
	A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police
during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he
was making a bolt for the door.
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
Ever since I was a young boy,
I've hacked the ARPA net,
From Berkeley down to Rutgers,		He's on my favorite terminal,
Any access I could get,			He cats C right into foo,
But ain't seen nothing like him,	His disciples lead him in,
On any campus yet,			And he just breaks the root,
That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,		Always has full SYS-PRIV's,
Sure sends a mean packet.		Never uses lint,
					That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,
					Sure sends a mean packet.
He's a UNIX wizard,
There has to be a twist.
The UNIX wizard's got			Ain't got no distractions,
Unlimited space on disk.		Can't hear no whistles or bells,
How do you think he does it?		Can't see no message flashing,
I don't know.				Types by sense of smell,
What makes him so good?			Those crazy little programs,
					The proper bit flags set,
					That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,
					Sure sends a mean packet.
		-- UNIX Wizard
If men acted after marriage as they do during courtship, there would
be fewer divorces -- and more bankruptcies.
		-- Frances Rodman
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to answer all of my "occupant" letters.
	-- None of my socks match.
	-- I'm having all my plants neutered.
	-- I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out.
	-- My yucca plant is feeling yucky.
	-- I'm touring China with a wok band.
	-- My chocolate-appreciation class meets that night.
	-- I'm running off to Yugoslavia with a foreign-exchange student
		named Basil Metabolism.
	-- There are important world issues that need worrying about.
	-- I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush.
	-- I prefer to remain an enigma.
	-- I think you want the OTHER Peggy/Cathy/Mike/whomever.
	-- I feel a song coming on.
History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them
asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at
intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...  Truly the imago
state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
		-- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
		-- John LeCarre 
Death didn't answer.  He was looking at Spold in the same way as a dog looks
at a bone, only in this case things were more or less the other way around.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Colour of Magic"
I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate
of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour ...
		-- F. H. Wales (1936)
If you can't read this, blame a teacher.
The Golden Rule of Arts and Sciences:
	He who has the gold makes the rules.
In like a dimwit, out like a light.
		-- Pogo
Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.
		-- Aleister Crowley
If parents would only realize how they bore their children.
		-- G.B. Shaw
Wish and hope succeed in discerning signs of paranormality where reason and
careful scientific procedure fail.
- James E. Alcock, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. 12
"We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call
free enterprise," said Cash McCall, "but when one of our citizens
show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do
our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself."
		-- Cameron Hawley
What's the MATTER Sid? ... Is your BEVERAGE unsatisfactory?
nerd pack, n.:
	Plastic pouch worn in breast pocket to keep pens from soiling
	clothes.  Nerd's position in engineering hierarchy can be measured
	by number of pens, grease pencils, and rulers bristling	in his pack.
What happens to a dream deferred?
Does it dry up
Like a raisin in the sun?
Or fester like a sore --
And then run?
Does it stink like rotten meat?
Or crust and sugar over --
Like a syrupy sweet?
  
Maybe it just sags
Like a heavy load.
  
Or does it explode?
		-- Langston Hughes
Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.
Being popular is important.  Otherwise people might not like you.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
A fanatic is a person who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
- Winston Churchill
I'm pretending that we're all watching PHIL SILVERS instead of RICARDO
MONTALBAN!
Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
		-- W.C. Fields
Is this an out-take from the "BRADY BUNCH"?
"An honest god is the noblest work of man.  ... God has always resembled his
creators.  He hated and loved what they hated and loved and he was invariably
found on the side of those in power. ... Most of the gods were pleased with
sacrifice, and the smell of innocent blood has ever been considered a divine
perfume."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
		-- Bill Veeck
QOTD:
	"The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt."
No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.
Hacker's Law:
	The belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir
	a nation to action is one of mankind's oldest illusions.
If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could
work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
		-- Douglas Jerrold
	"Yo, Mike!"
	"Yeah, Gabe?"
	"We got a problem down on Earth.  In Utah."
	"I thought you fixed that last century!"
	"No, no, not that.  Someone's found a security problem in the physics
program.  They're getting energy out of nowhere."
	"Blessit!  Lemme look...  <tappity clickity tappity>  Hey, it's
there all right!  OK, just a sec...  <tappity clickity tap... save... compile>
There, that ought to patch it.  Dist it out, wouldja?"
		-- Cold Fusion, 1989
"Facts are stupid things."
-- President Ronald Reagan 
   (a blooper from his speeach at the '88 GOP convention)
The Crown is full of it!
		-- Nate Harris, 1775
You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.
I am not a politician and my other habits are also good.
		-- A. Ward
Mr. Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressions of assent.
When Lord Copper was right he said "Definitely, Lord Copper"; when he was
wrong, "Up to a point."
	"Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean?  Capital of Japan?
Yokohama isn't it?"
	"Up to a point, Lord Copper."
	"And Hong Kong definitely belongs to us, doesn't it?"
	"Definitely, Lord Copper."
		-- Evelyn Waugh, "Scoop"
The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the
lower the mailing cost.
		-- S. Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"
These days the necessities of life cost you about three times what they
used to, and half the time they aren't even fit to drink.
One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't
understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was
reknowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the
time, which obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be
puzzled rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
"Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care
what I say, I ask, if it matters, that you be forgiven for anything
you may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness.
Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else may be required to
insure any possible benefit for which you may be eligible after the
destruction of your body, I ask that this, whatever it may be,
be granted or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to
insure your receiving said benefit. I ask this in my capacity as 
your elected intermediary between yourself and that which may not be
yourself, but which may have an interest in the matter of your
receiving as much as it is possible for you to receive of this
thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony. Amen."

Madrak, in _Creatures of Light and Darkness_, by Roger Zelazny
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.
Misery no longer loves company.  Nowadays it insists on it.
		-- Russell Baker
Put another password in,
Bomb it out, then try again.
Try to get past logging in,
We're hacking, hacking, hacking.

Try his first wife's maiden name,
This is more than just a game.
It's real fun, but just the same,
It's hacking, hacking, hacking.
		-- To the tune of "Music, Music, Music?"
You are transported to a room where you are faced by a wizard who
points to you and says, "Them's fighting words!"  You immediately get
attacked by all sorts of denizens of the museum: there is a cobra
chewing on your leg, a troglodyte is bashing your brains out with a
gold nugget, a crocodile is removing large chunks of flesh from you, a
rhinoceros is goring you with his horn, a sabre-tooth cat is busy
trying to disembowel you, you are being trampled by a large mammoth, a
vampire is sucking you dry, a Tyranosaurus Rex is sinking his six inch
long fangs into various parts of your anatomy, a large bear is
dismembering your body, a gargoyle is bouncing up and down on your
head, a burly troll is tearing you limb from limb, several dire wolves
are making mince meat out of your torso, and the wizard is about to
transport you to the corner of Westwood and Broxton.  Oh dear, you seem
to have gotten yourself killed, as well.

You scored 0 out of 250 possible points.
That gives you a ranking of junior beginning adventurer.
To achieve the next higher rating, you need to score 32 more points.
A rose is a rose is a rose.  Just ask Jean Marsh, known to millions of
PBS viewers in the '70s as Rose, the maid on the BBC export "Upstairs,
Downstairs."  Though Marsh has since gone on to other projects, ... it's
with Rose she's forever identified.  So much so that she even likes to
joke about having one named after her, a distinction not without its
drawbacks.  "I was very flattered when I heard about it, but when I looked
up the official description, it said, `Jean Marsh: pale peach, not very
good in beds; better up against a wall.'  I want to tell you that's not
true.  I'm very good in beds as well."
Cruickshank's Law of Committees:
	If a committee is allowed to discuss a bad idea long enough, it
	will inevitably decide to implement the idea simply because so
	much work has already been done on it.
"Experience has proved that some people indeed know everything."
-- Russell Baker
One of the rules of Busmanship, New York style, is never surrender your
seat to another passenger.  This may seem callous, but it is the best
way, really.  If one passenger were to give a seat to someone who fainted
in the aisle, say, the others on the bus would become disoriented and
imagine they were in Topeka Kansas.
Memories of you remind me of you.
-- Karl Lehenbauer
Beware of Bigfoot!
Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.
"There was an interesting development in the CBS-Westmoreland trial:
both sides agreed that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to
talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him
during the trial."
		-- David Letterman
My computer can beat up your computer.
- Karl Lehenbauer
Gordon's first law:
	If a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing well.
In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals.
You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.
Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the fence."
I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly true.
		-- Solomon Short
Slurm, n.:
	The slime that accumulates on the underside of a soap bar when
	it sits in the dish too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
	"Welcome back for you 13th consecutive week, Evelyn.  Evelyn, will
you go into the auto-suggestion booth and take your regular place on the
psycho-prompter couch?"
	"Thank you, Red."
	"Now, Evelyn, last week you went up to $40,000 by properly citing
your rivalry with your sibling as a compulsive sado-masochistic behavior
pattern which developed out of an early post-natal feeding problem."
	"Yes, Red."
	"But -- later, when asked about pre-adolescent oedipal phantasy
repressions, you rationalized twice and mental blocked three times.  Now,
at $300 per rationalization and $500 per mental block you lost $2,100 off
your $40,000 leaving you with a total of $37,900.  Now, any combination of
two more mental blocks and either one rationalization or three defensive
projections will put you out of the game.  Are you willing to go ahead?"
	"Yes, Red."
	"I might say here that all of Evelyn's questions and answers have
been checked for accuracy with her analyst.  Now, Evelyn, for $80,000
explain the failure of your three marriages."
	"Well, I--"
	"We'll get back to Evelyn in one minute.  First a word about our
product."
		-- Jules Feiffer
Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.
Andrea's Admonition:
	Never bestow profanity upon a driver who has wronged you.
	If you think his window is closed and he can't hear you,
	it isn't and he can.
You are always busy.
And I heard Jeff exclaim,
As they strolled out of sight,
"Merry Christmas to all --
You take credit cards, right?"
		-- "Outsiders" comic
Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to
teach children.
		-- W.H. Auden
Eat drink and be merry!  Tommorrow you may be in Utah.
A student, in hopes of understanding the Lambda-nature, came to Greenblatt.
As they spoke a Multics system hacker walked by.  "Is it true", asked the
student, "that PL-1 has many of the same data types as Lisp?"  Almost before
the student had finished his question, Greenblatt shouted, "FOO!", and hit
the student with a stick.
A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
A man's house is his hassle.
Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another
meaning?  "It is the complex case that is easier to deal with."  "If it
doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a
corner."
In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not displeasing
to us.
		-- La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"
for ARTIFICIAL FLAVORING!!
In olden times sacrifices were made at the altar -- a practice which is
still continued.
		-- Helen Rowland
Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
Half Moon tonight.  (At least it's better than no Moon at all.)
I'm definitely not in Omaha!
"The stars are made of the same atoms as the earth."  I usually pick one small
topic like this to give a lecture on.  Poets say science takes away from the
beauty of the stars -- mere gobs of gas atoms.  Nothing is "mere."  I too can
see the stars on a desert night, and feel them.  But do I see less or more?
The vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination -- stuck on this carousel
my little eye can catch one-million-year-old light.  A vast pattern -- of which
I am a part -- perhaps my stuff was belched from some forgotten star, as one
is belching there.  Or see them with the greater eye of Palomar, rushing all
apart from some common starting point when they were perhaps all together.
What is the pattern, or the meaning, or the *why?*  It does not do harm to the 
mystery to know a little about it.  For far more marvelous is the truth than
any artists of the past imagined!  Why do the poets of the present not speak
of it?  What men are poets who can speak of Jupiter if he were like a man, but
if he is an immense spinning sphere of methane and ammonia must be silent?
-- Richard P. Feynman (1918-1988)
O Lord, grant that we may always be right, for Thou knowest we will
never change our minds.
If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"
Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.  You wanna
help on the audit now?
		-- "The Rockford Files"
	COONDOG MEMORY
	(heard in Rutledge, Missouri, about eighteen years ago)

Now, this dog is for sale, and she can not only follow a trail twice as
old as the average dog can, but she's got a pretty good memory to boot.
For instance, last week this old boy who lives down the road from me, and
is forever stinkmouthing my hounds, brought some city fellow around to
try out ol' Sis here.  So I turned her out south of the house and she made
two or three big swings back and forth across the edge of the woods, set
back her head, bayed a couple of times, cut straight through the woods,
come to a little clearing, jumped about three foot straight up in the air,
run to the other side, and commenced to letting out a racket like she had
something treed.  We went over there with our flashlights and shone them
up in the tree but couldn't catch no shine offa coon's eyes, and my
neighbor sorta indicated that ol' Sis might be a little crazy, `cause she
stood right to the tree and kept singing up into it.  So I pulled off my
coat and climbed up into the branches, and sure enough, there was a coon
skeleton wedged in between a couple of branches about twenty foot up.
Now as I was saying, she can follow a pretty old trail, but this fellow
was still calling her crazy or touched `cause she had hopped up in the
air while she was crossing the clearing, until I reminded him that the
Hawkins' had a fence across there about five years back.  Now, this dog
is for sale.
		-- News that stayed News: Ten Years of Coevolution Quarterly
What's love but a second-hand emotion?
		-- Tina Turner
If you can read this, you're too close.
He asked me if I knew what time it was -- I said yes, but not right now.
		-- Steven Wright
I married beneath me.  All women do.
		-- Lady Nancy Astor
BASIC, n.:
	A programming language.  Related to certain social diseases in
	that those who have it will not admit it in polite company.
I can feel for her because, although I have never been an Alaskan prostitute
dancing on the bar in a spangled dress, I still get very bored with washing
and ironing and dishwashing and cooking day after relentless day.
		-- Betty MacDonald
Bumper sticker:
	All the parts falling off this car are of the very finest
	British manufacture.
Lowery's Law:
	If it jams -- force it.  If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove:
O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
If this be error and upon me proved,
I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
perfect guest:
	One who makes his host feel at home.
I own seven-eighths of all the artists in downtown Burbank!
Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.
She stood on the tracks
Waving her arms
Leading me to that third rail shock
Quick as a wink
She changed her mind

She gave me a night
That's all it was
What will it take until I stop
Kidding myself
Wasting my time

There's nothing else I can do
'Cause I'm doing it all for Leyna
I don't want anyone new
'Cause I'm living it all for Leyna
There's nothing in it for you
'Cause I'm giving it all to Leyna
		-- Billy Joel, "All for Leyna" (Glass Houses)
Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the
next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it's the start of
a brand new series of three.
"But don't you worry, its for a cause -- feeding global corporations' paws."
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
		-- James H. Boren
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37:

Q:  Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A:  No.
Q:  What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A:  Picking them up in the air.
Q:  Where was the dog at this time?
A:  Attached to the ears.
TRANSACTION CANCELLED - FARECARD RETURNED
Excitement and danger await your induction to tracer duty!  As a tracer,
you must rid the computer networks of slimy, criminal data thieves.
They are tricky and the action gets tough, so watch out!  Utilizing all
your skills, you'll either get your man or you'll get burned!
-- advertising for the computer game "Tracers"
And now for something completely different.
Love is sentimental measles.
Living on Earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip
around the Sun.
Revolution, n.:
	A form of government abroad.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
... relaxed in the manner of a man who has no need to put up a front of
any kind.
		-- John Ball, "Mark One: the Dummy"
There is a vast difference between the savage and civilized man, but it
is never apparent to their wives until after breakfast.
		-- Helen Rowland
You will be successful in love.
Isn't it nice that people who prefer Los Angeles to San Francisco live there?
		-- Herb Caen
We place two copies of PEOPLE magazine in a DARK, HUMID mobile home.
45 minutes later CYNDI LAUPER emerges wearing a BIRD CAGE on her head!
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Knowledge is power.
		-- Francis Bacon
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements.
		-- Norman Douglas
The Official Colorado State Vegetable is now the "state legislator".
When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
If the designers of X-window built cars, there would be no fewer than five
steering wheels hidden about the cockpit, none of which followed the same
prinicples -- but you'd be able to shift gears with your car stereo.  Useful
feature, that.
		-- From the programming notebooks of a heretic, 1990.
Revolution, n.:
	In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Whistler's mother is off her rocker.
strategy, n.:
	A comprehensive plan of inaction.
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equpped with 18,000 vaccuum tubes and
weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes
and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
		-- Popular Mechanics, March 1949
I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
		-- George Gobel
One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer
terror.
		-- W.K. Hartmann
Go ahead, capitalize the T on technology, deify it if it will make you feel
less responsible -- but it puts you in with the neutered, brother, in with
the eunuchs keeping the harem of our stolen Earth for the numb and joyless
hardons of human sultans, human elite with no right at all to be where they
are --"
-- Thomas Pynchon, _Gravity's Rainbow_
Might as well be frank, monsieur.  It would take a miracle to get you out
of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
		-- Casablanca
While you're chewing, think of STEVEN SPIELBERG'S bank account ...  his
will have the same effect as two "STARCH BLOCKERS"!
"Do not lose your knowledge that man's proper estate is an upright posture,
an intransigent mind, and a step that travels unlimited roads."
-- John Galt, in Ayn Rand's _Atlas Shrugged_
The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute for
experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is a substitute
for intelligence.
		-- Lyman Bryson
The last person that quit or was fired will be held responsible for
everything that goes wrong -- until the next person quits or is fired.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
		-- Erma Bombeck
When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?
Knowledge without common sense is folly.
Where there's a will, there's a relative.
It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...
As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free variable."
Why do they call a fast a fast, when it goes so slow?
What's so funny?
There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who constantly
divide the people of the world into two classes and those who do not.
		-- Robert Benchley
You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
		-- Smile, "Was (Not Was)"
I owe, I owe,
It's off to work I go...
Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't
immune to bullets.
		-- The Brigadier, "Dr. Who"
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
"Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator."
		-- Claude Shouse

"Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist."
		-- Joseph C. Wang
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds.  Biochemistry
is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
		-- Mike Adams
Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
[From the operation manual for the CI-300 Dot Matrix Line Printer, made
in Japan]:

The excellent output machine of MODEL CI-300 as extraordinary DOT MATRIX
LINE PRINTER, built in two MICRO-PROCESSORs as well as EAROM, is featured by
permitting wonderful co-existence such as; "high quality against low cost,"
"diversified functions with compact design," "flexibility in accessibleness
and durability of approx. 2000,000,00 Dot/Head," "being sophisticated in
mechanism but possibly agile operating under noises being extremely
suppressed" etc.

And as a matter of course, the final goal is just simply to help achieve
"super shuttle diplomacy" between cool data, perhaps earned by HOST
COMPUTER, and warm heart of human being.
Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
		-- Kin Hubbard, "Abe Martin's Sayings"
You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
		-- E.A. Gilliam
A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman out
of a divorce.
		-- Don Quinn
Armor's Axiom:
	Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.
	Two men looked out from the prison bars,
	One saw mud--
	The other saw stars.

Now let me get this right: two prisoners are looking out the window.
While one of them was looking at all the mud -- the other one got hit
in the head.
Everything you've learned in school as "obvious" becomes less and less
obvious as you begin to study the universe.  For example, there are no
solids in the universe.  There's not even a suggestion of a solid.
There are no absolute continuums.  There are no surfaces.  There are no
straight lines.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller
QOTD:
	"There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm sure looking."
I am two with nature.
		-- Woody Allen
Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.
God helps them that themselves.
		-- Benjamin Franklin, "Poor Richard's Almanac"
	One of the questions that comes up all the time is: How enthusiastic
is our support for UNIX?
	Unix was written on our machines and for our machines many years ago.
Today, much of UNIX being done is done on our machines. Ten percent of our
VAXs are going for UNIX use.  UNIX is a simple language, easy to understand,
easy to get started with. It's great for students, great for somewhat casual
users, and it's great for interchanging programs between different machines.
And so, because of its popularity in these markets, we support it.  We have
good UNIX on VAX and good UNIX on PDP-11s.
	It is our belief, however, that serious professional users will run
out of things they can do with UNIX. They'll want a real system and will end
up doing VMS when they get to be serious about programming.
	With UNIX, if you're looking for something, you can easily and quickly
check that small manual and find out that it's not there.  With VMS, no matter
what you look for -- it's literally a five-foot shelf of documentation -- if
you look long enough it's there.  That's the difference -- the beauty of UNIX
is it's simple; and the beauty of VMS is that it's all there.
		-- Ken Olsen, president of DEC, DECWORLD Vol. 8 No. 5, 1984
[It's been argued that the beauty of UNIX is the same as the beauty of Ken
Olsen's brain.  Ed.]
(defun NF (a c)
  (cond ((null c) () )
	((atom (car c))
	  (append (list (eval (list 'getchar (list (car c) 'a) (cadr c))))
		 (nf a (cddr c))))
	(t (append (list (implode (nf a (car c)))) (nf a (cdr c))))))

(defun AD (want-job challenging boston-area)
  (cond 
   ((or (not (equal want-job 'yes))
	(not (equal boston-area 'yes))
	(lessp challenging 7)) () )
   (t (append (nf  (get 'ad 'expr)
	  '((caaddr 1 caadr 2 car 1 car 1)
	    (car 5 cadadr 9 cadadr 8 cadadr 9 caadr 4 car 2 car 1)
	    (car 2 caadr 4)))
      (list '851-5071x2661)))))
;;;     We are an affirmative action employer.
Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a woman giving birth
to a child.  She must be found and stopped.
		-- Sam Levenson
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
The time for action is past!  Now is the time for senseless bickering.
Concentrate on th'cute, li'l CARTOON GUYS!  Remember the SERIAL
NUMBERS!!  Follow the WHIPPLE AVE. EXIT!!  Have a FREE PEPSI!!  Turn
LEFT at th'HOLIDAY INN!!  JOIN the CREDIT WORLD!!  MAKE me an OFFER!!!
"Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago."
-- Bernard Berenson
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#5

Trust:
	The average woman would really like to be told if her mate is fooling
around behind her back.  This same woman wouldn't tell her best friend if
she knew the best friends' mate was having an affair.  She'll tell all her
OTHER friends, however.  The average man won't say anything if he knows that
one of his friend's mates is fooling around, and he'd rather not know if
his mate is having an affair either, out of fear that it might be with one
of his friends.  He will tell all his friends about his own affairs, though,
so they can be ready if he needs an alibi.

Driving:
	A typical man thinks he's Mario Andretti as soon as he slips behind
the wheel of his car.  The fact that it's an 8-year-old Honda doesn't keep
him from trying to out-accelerate the guy in the Porsche who's attempting
to cut him off; freeway on-ramps are exciting challenges to see who has The
Right Stuff on the morning commute.  Does he or doesn't he?  Only his body
shop knows for sure.  Insurance companies understand this behavior, and
price their policies accordingly.
	A woman will slow down to let a car merge in front of her, and get
rear-ended by another woman who was busy adding the finishing touches to
her makeup.
On our campus the UNIX system has proved to be not only an effective software
tool, but an agent of technical and social change within the University.
- John Lions (U. of Toronto (?))
'Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Adding features does not necessarily increase functionality -- it just
makes the manuals thicker.
It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
		-- Crazy Charlie
Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Take not a single bit!
It used to point to me,
Now I'm protecting it.
It was the reader's CONS
That made it, paired by dot;
Now, GC, for the nonce,
Thou shalt reclaim it not.
There are bugs and then there are bugs.  And then there are bugs.
-- Karl Lehenbauer
"Beware of programmers carrying screwdrivers."
-- Chip Salzenberg
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
core error - bus dumped
Falling in love is a lot like dying.  You never get to do it enough to
become good at it.
"The voters have spoken, the bastards..."
-- unknown
... most of us learned about love the hard way.  Even warnings are probably
useless, for somehow, despite the severest warnings of parents and friends,
hundreds, thousands of women have forgotten themselves at the last minute
and succumbed to the lies, promises, flatteries, or mere attentions of
lusting, lovely men, landing themselves in complicated predicaments from
which some of them never recovered during their entire lives.  And I am not
speaking only of your teenaged Midwesterners in 1958; I'm speaking of women
of every age in every city in every year.  The notorious sexual revolution
has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
		-- Alix Kates Shulman
History, n.:
	Papa Hegel he say that all we learn from history is that we
	learn nothing from history.  I know people who can't even learn from
	what happened this morning.  Hegel must have been taking the long view.
		-- Chad C. Mulligan, "The Hipcrime Vocab"
Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"
It happened long ago
In the new magic land
The Indians and the buffalo    
Existed hand in hand
The Indians needed food
They need skins for a roof
The only took what they needed
And the buffalo ran loose
But then came the white man
With his thick and empty head
He couldn't see past his billfold
He wanted all the buffalo dead
It was sad, oh so sad.
		-- Ted Nugent, "The Great White Buffalo"
If all the Chinese simultaneously jumped into the Pacific off a 10 foot
platform erected 10 feet off their coast, it would cause a tidal wave
that would destroy everything in this country west of Nebraska.
Q:	How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Fifteen.  One to do it, and fourteen to write document number
	GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility,
	of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally
	left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:.....
	consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".
Review Questions

(1) If Nerd on the planet Nutley starts out in his spaceship at 20 KPH,
    and his speed doubles every 3.2 seconds, how long will it be before
    he exceeds the speed of light?  How long will it be before the
    Galactic Patrol picks up the pieces of his spaceship?

(2) If Roger Rowdy wrecks his car every week, and each week he breaks
    twice as many bones as before, how long will it be before he breaks
    every bone in his body?  How long will it be before they cut off
    his insurance?  Where does he get a new car every week?

(3) If Johnson drinks one beer the first hour (slow start), four beers
    the next hour, nine beers the next, etc., and stacks the cans in a
    pyramid, how soon will Johnson's pyramid be larger than King
    Tut's?  When will it fall on him?  Will he notice?
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!
	[From the fury of the norsemen deliver us, O Lord!]
		-- Medieval prayer
Why are many scientists using lawyers for medical
experiments instead of rats?

	a)  There are more lawyers than rats.
	b)  The scientist's don't become as
 	    emotionally attached to them.
	c)  There are some things that even rats 
	    won't do for money.
A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
		-- Paul Valery
I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?
It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons,
insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather
than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
		-- Napoleon, "Military Maxims and Thought"
HELP!!!! I'm being held prisoner in /usr/games/lib!
Is a computer language with goto's totally Wirth-less?
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
		-- Lenny Bruce
clairvoyant, n.:
	A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that
	which is invisible to her patron -- namely, that he is a blockhead.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
You will have a head crash on your private pack.
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them
continues to pay for it.
		-- Peggy Joyce
The computer can't tell you the emotional story.  It can give you the exact
mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.
- Frank Zappa
Order and simplification are the first steps toward mastery of a subject
-- the actual enemy is the unknown.
		-- Thomas Mann
F:	When into a room I plunge, I
	Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
	Then I linger, darkly brooding
	On the poison they're exuding.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC
Q:	What does friendship among Soviet nationalities mean?
A:	It means that the Armenians take the Russians by the hand; the
	Russians take the Ukrainians by the hand; the Ukranians take
	the Uzbeks by the hand; and they all go and beat up the Jews.
You will lose an important disk file.
I cannot affirm God if I fail to affirm man.  Therefore, I affirm both.
Without a belief in human unity I am hungry and incomplete.  Human unity
is the fulfillment of diversity.  It is the harmony of opposites.  It is
a many-stranded texture, with color and depth.
- Norman Cousins
The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.
I gave my love an Apple, that had no core;
I gave my love a building, that had no floor;
I wrote my love a program, that had no end;
I gave my love an upgrade, with no cryin'.

How can there be an Apple, that has no core?
How can there be a building, that has no floor?
How can there be a program, that has no end?
How can there be an upgrade, with no cryin'?

An Apple's MOS memory don't use no core!
A building that's perfect, it has no flaw!
A program with GOTOs, it has no end!
I lied about the upgrade, with no cryin'!
Flattery will get you everywhere.
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
		-- Marcus Procius Cato
Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.
"Don't think; let the machine do it for you!"
-- E. C. Berkeley
Rome wasn't burnt in a day.
Lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar.
		-- S.J. Perelman
One picture is worth 128K words.
Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
"There are some good people in it, but the orchestra as a whole is equivalent
to a gang bent on destruction."
-- John Cage, composer
If you love someone, set them free.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
		-- Lily Tomlin
Gauls! We have nothing to fear; except perhaps that the sky may fall on
our heads tomorrow.  But as we all know, tomorrow never comes!!
		-- Adventures of Asterix
"I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!"
Like the ski resort of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking
for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem.
		-- Alan McKay
Dear Miss Manners:
	My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's
elbows on the table.  However, I have read that one elbow, in between
courses, is all right.  Which is correct?

Gentle Reader:
	For the purpose of answering examinations in your home economics
class, your teacher is correct.  Catching on to this principle of
education may be of even greater importance to you now than learning
correct current table manners, vital as Miss Manners believes that is.
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no
responsibility at the other.
To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.
When I left you, I was but the pupil.  Now, I am the master.
- Darth Vader
Even if we put all these nagging thoughts [four embarrassing questions about
astrology] aside for a moment, one overriding question remains to be asked.
Why would the positions of celestial objects at the moment of birth have an
effect on our characters, lives, or destinies?  What force or influence,
what sort of energy would travel from the planets and stars to all human
beings and affect our development or fate?  No amount of scientific-sounding
jargon or computerized calculations by astrologers can disguise this central
problem with astrology -- we can find no evidence of a mechanism by which
celestial objects can influence us in so specific and personal a way. . . .
Some astrologers argue that there may be a still unknown force that represents
the astrological influence. . . .If so, astrological predictions -- like those
of any scientific field -- should be easily tested. . . . Astrologers always
claim to be just a little too busy to carry out such careful tests of their
efficacy, so in the last two decades scientists and statisticians have
generously done such testing for them.  There have been dozens of well-designed
tests all around the world, and astrology has failed every one of them. . . .
I propose that we let those beckoning lights in the sky awaken our interest
in the real (and fascinating) universe beyond our planet, and not let them
keep us tied to an ancient fantasy left over from a time when we huddled by
the firelight, afraid of the night.
-- Andrew Fraknoi, Executive Officer, Astronomical Society of the Pacific,
    "Why Astrology Believers Should Feel Embarrassed," San Jose Mercury
    News, May 8, 1988
All of life is a blur of Republicans and meat!
I brake for chezlogs!
We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which
people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products.
Just as food can be bad for your system, music can be bad for your spirtual
and emotional feelings.  It might taste good or clever, but in the long run,
it's not going to do anything for you.
		-- Bob Dylan, "LA Times", September 5, 1984
Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
And he laughing said to me:
"Pipe a song about a Lamb!"
So I piped with merry cheer.
"Piper, pipe that song again;"
So I piped: he wept to hear.
		-- William Blake, "Songs of Innocence"
Repel them.  Repel them.  Induce them to relinquish the spheroid.
- Indiana University fans' chant for their perennially bad football team
FROZEN ENTREES may be flung by members of opposing SWANSON SECTS ...
Laura's Law:
	No child throws up in the bathroom.
"A raccoon tangled with a 23,000 volt line today.  The results blacked
out 1400 homes and, of course, one raccoon."
		-- Steel City News
Not far from here, by a white sun, behind a green star, lived the
Steelypips, illustrious, industrious, and they hadn't a care: no spats in
their vats, no rules, no schools, no gloom, no evil influence of the
moon, no trouble from matter or antimatter -- for they had a machine, a
dream of a machine, with springs and gears and perfect in every respect.
And they lived with it, and on it, and under it, and inside it, for it
was all they had -- first they saved up all their atoms, then they put
them all together, and if one didn't fit, why they chipped at it a bit,
and everything was just fine ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
Do your part to help preserve life on Earth -- by trying to preserve your own.
Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts
down the system for days.
Q:	Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
A:	Because he was hungry.
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
		-- Dr. Who
To give happiness is to deserve happiness.
History tends to exaggerate.
		-- Col. Green, "The Savage Curtain", stardate 5906.4
If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.  There might be a
law against it by that time.
When all else fails, EAT!!!
My central memory of that time seems to hang on one or five or maybe forty
nights -- or very early mornings -- when I left the Fillmore half-crazy and,
instead of going home, aimed the big 650 Lightning across the Bay Bridge at
a hundred miles an hour ... booming through the Treasure Island tunnel at
the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which
turnoff to take when I got to the other end ... but being absolutely certain
that no matter which way I went I would come to a place where people were
just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
	[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne
A hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet never.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain
And if California slides into the ocean,
Like the mystics and statistics say it will.
I predict this motel will be standing,
Until I've paid my bill.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Desperados Under the Eaves"
Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Sulu.
I thought my people would grow tired of killing.  But you were right,
they see it is easier than trading.  And it has its pleasures.  I feel
it myself.  Like the hunt, but with richer rewards.
		-- Apella, "A Private Little War", stardate 4211.8
hacker, n.:
	Originally, any person with a knack for coercing stubborn inanimate
	things; hence, a person with a happy knack, later contracted by the
	mythical philosopher Frisbee Frobenius to the common usage, 'hack'.
	In olden times, upon completion of some particularly atrocious body
	of coding that happened to work well, culpable programmers would gather
	in a small circle around a first edition of Knuth's Best Volume I by
	candlelight, and proceed to get very drunk while sporadically rending
	the following ditty:

		Hacker's Fight Song

		He's a Hack!  He's a Hack!
		He's a guy with the happy knack!
		Never bungles, never shirks,
		Always gets his stuff to work!

All take a drink (important!)
There is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon,
however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable.
Soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be 
discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator
on his own account.  The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is
even highly probable.
- H. L. Mencken, 1930
A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for
freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen
It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not desirable,
as one's hat keeps blowing off.
		-- Woody Allen
Menu, n.:
	A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.
We're Knights of the Round Table
We dance whene'er we're able
We do routines and chorus scenes	We're knights of the Round Table
With footwork impeccable		Our shows are formidable
We dine well here in Camelot		But many times
We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.	We're given rhymes
					That are quite unsingable
In war we're tough and able,		We're opera mad in Camelot
Quite indefatigable			We sing from the diaphragm a lot.
Between our quests
We sequin vests
And impersonate Clark Gable
It's a busy life in Camelot.
I have to push the pram a lot.
		-- Monty Python
"Obedience.  A religion of slaves.  A religion of intellectual death.  I like
it.  Don't ask questions, don't think, obey the Word of the Lord -- as it
has been conveniently brought to you by a man in a Rolls with a heavy Rolex
on his wrist.  I like that job!  Where can I sign up?"
-- Oleg Kiselev,oleg@CS.UCLA.EDU
Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best,
reformed or potential lunatics.
		-- Susan Sontag
Don't expect people to keep in step--it's hard enough just staying in line.
Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars, but the trouble is
they charge fifteen cents for them.
Wedding, n:
	A ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes
	to become nothing and nothing undertakes to become supportable.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming:
	Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried,
	As he landed his crew with care;
Supporting each man on the top of the tide
	By a finger entwined in his hair.

'Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it twice:
	That alone should encourage the crew.
Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it thrice:
	What I tell you three times is true.'
When you find yourself in danger,
When you're threatened by a stranger,
When it looks like you will take a lickin'...

There is one thing you should learn,
When there is no one else to turn to,
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!    (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**)
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
As you grow older, you will still do foolish things, but you will do them
with much more enthusiasm.
		-- The Cowboy
The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.
When you and I are far apart
Can sorrow break your tender heart?
I love you darling, yes I do;
Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you;
All you are is a blossoming rose.
Night is here so I must close.
With care read the first word of each line.
You will find a question of mine.
		-- Yours hopefully, The VAX.
We have only two things to worry about:  That things will never get
back to normal, and that they already have.
You will soon forget this.
today, n.:
	A nice place to visit, but you can't stay here for long.
Snow and adolescence are the only problems that disappear if you ignore
them long enough.
One organism, one vote.
What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?
		-- Roger von Oech
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
semper en excretus
Are you having fun yet?
				UNIX Trix

For those of you in the reseller business, here is a helpful tip that will
save your support staff a few hours of precious time.  Before you send your
next machine out to an untrained client, change the permissions on /etc/passwd
to 666 and make sure there is a copy somewhere on the disk.  Now when they
forget the root password, you can easily login as an ordinary user and correct
the damage.  Having a bootable tape (for larger machines) is not a bad idea
either.  If you need some help, give us a call.
		-- CommUNIXque 1:1, ASCAR Business Systems
Lawyer's Rule:
	When the law is against you, argue the facts.
	When the facts are against you, argue the law.
	When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.
If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
		-- Question James Thurber used to drive his German Shepherd
		   crazy.
Them as has, gets.
Do unto others before they undo you.
This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.
	"... freedom ... is a worship word..."
	"It is our worship word too."
		-- Cloud William and Kirk, "The Omega Glory", stardate unknown
It's bad enough that life is a rat-race, but why do the rats always have to win?
	In the east there is a shark which is larger than all other fish.  It
changes into a bird whose winds are like clouds filling the sky.  When this
bird moves across the land, it brings a message from Corporate Headquarters.
This message it drops into the midst of the program mers, like a seagull
making its mark upon the beach.  Then the bird mounts on the wind and, with
the blue sky at its back, returns home.
	The novice programmer stares in wonder at the bird, for he understands
it not.  The average programmer dreads the coming of the bird, for he fears
its message.  The master programmer continues to work at his terminal, for he
does not know that the bird has come and gone.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the
Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun.
Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an
utterly insignificant little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life
forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches
are a pretty neat idea ...
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Uncertain fortune is thoroughly mastered by the equity of the calculation.
- Blaise Pascal
Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
		-- The Mad Dogtender
A fool and his honey are soon parted.
Windows 3.1 Beer: The world's most popular. Comes in a 16-oz. can that 
looks a lot like Mac Beer's. Requires that you already own a DOS Beer.  
Claims that it allows you to drink several DOS Beers simultaneously, but 
in reality you can only drink a few of them, very slowly, especially 
slowly if you are drinking the Windows Beer at the same time.  Sometimes, 
for apparently no reason, a can of Windows Beer will explode when you 
open it.
The opposite of talking isn't listening.  The opposite of talking is waiting.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
broad-mindedness, n:
	The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, "Part of
this complete breakfast".  The way it comes up is, my 5-year-old will be
watching TV cartoon shows in the morning, and they'll show a commercial for
a children's compressed breakfast compound such as "Froot Loops" or "Lucky
Charms", and they always show it sitting on a table next to some actual food
such as eggs, and the announcer always says: "Part of this complete
breakfast".  Don't that really mean, "Adjacent to this complete breakfast",
or "On the same table as this complete breakfast"?  And couldn't they make
essentially the same claim if, instead of Froot Loops, they put a can of
shaving cream there, or a dead bat?

Answer: Yes.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart that looks at her watch.
		-- James Beard
He's dead, Jim.
MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box
Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
		-- T.S. Eliot, "The Family Reunion"
A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
		-- Stanley Baldwin
Keep a diary and one day it'll keep you.
		-- Mae West
genlock, n.:
	Why he stays in the bottle.
An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.
Q:	How many Martians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	One and a half.
Too often people have come to me and said, "If I had just one wish for
anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations
in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software."
		-- Instrument News
		[Once is too often.  Ed.]
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without
getting nervous.
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
The idea is to die young as late as possible.
		-- Ashley Montague
Very few things actually get manufactured these days, because in an
infinitely large Universe, such as the one in which we live, most things one
could possibly imagine, and a lot of things one would rather not, grow
somewhere.  A forest was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew
ratchet screwdrivers as fruit.  The life cycle of the ratchet screwdriver is
quite interesting.  Once picked it needs a dark dusty drawer in which it can
lie undisturbed for years.  Then one night it suddenly hatches, discards its
outer skin that crumbles into dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable
little metal object with flanges at both ends and a sort of ridge and a hole
for a screw.  This, when found, will get thrown away.  No one knows what the
screwdriver is supposed to gain from this.  Nature, in her infinite wisdom,
is presumably working on it.
Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today.  Two freaks
in a van  [Oh no!!  It's the Copyright Police!!]  Her aura-charred body was
laid to rest after a eulogy by Jackie Collins, fellow member of SAFE [Society
of Asinine Flake Entertainers].  Excerpted from some of his more quotable
comments:

	"Truly a woman of the times.  These times, those times..."
	"A Renaissance woman.  Why in 1432..."
	"A man for all seasons.  Really..."

After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful
it was to "get it together" again, presumably referring to having her now dead
body join her long dead brain.
Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, "Part of
this complete breakfast".  The way it comes up is, my 5-year-old will be
watching TV cartoon shows in the morning, and they'll show a commercial for
a children's compressed breakfast compound such as "Froot Loops" or "Lucky
Charms", and they always show it sitting on a table next to some actual food
such as eggs, and the announcer always says: "Part of this complete
breakfast".  Don't that really mean, "Adjacent to this complete breakfast",
or "On the same table as this complete breakfast"?  And couldn't they make
essentially the same claim if, instead of Froot Loops, they put a can of
shaving cream there, or a dead bat?

Answer: Yes.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"
Sigmund Freud is alleged to have said that in the last analysis the entire field
of psychology may reduce to biological electrochemistry.
Set the cart before the horse.
		-- John Heywood
/*
 * Oops. The kernel tried to access some bad page. We'll have to
 * terminate things with extreme prejudice.
*/
die_if_kernel("Oops", regs, error_code);
(From linux/arch/i386/mm/fault.c)				   
Never argue with a woman when she's tired -- or rested.
The basic menu item, in fact the ONLY menu item, would be a food unit called
the "patty," consisting of -- this would be guaranteed in writing -- "100
percent animal matter of some kind." All patties would be heated up and then
cooled back down in electronic devices immediately before serving.  The
Breakfast Patty would be a patty on a bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, egg,
Ba-Ko-Bits, Cheez Whiz, a Special Sauce made by pouring ketchup out of a
bottle and a little slip of paper stating: "Inspected by Number 12."  The
Lunch or Dinner Patty would be any Breakfast Patties that didn't get sold in
the morning. The Seafood Lover's Patty would be any patties that were
starting to emit a serious aroma.  Patties that were too rank even to be
Seafood Lover's Patties would be compressed into wads and sold as "Nuggets."
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"
Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson
If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekhov
Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask "Why?".
	Before he became a hermit, Zarathud was a young Priest, and
	took great delight in making fools of his opponents in front of
his followers.
	One day Zarathud took his students to a pleasant pasture and
there he confronted The Sacred Chao while She was contentedly grazing.
	"Tell me, you dumb beast," demanded the Priest in his
commanding voice, "why don't you do something worthwhile?  What is your
Purpose in Life, anyway?"
	Munching the tasty grass, The Sacred Chao replied "MU".  (The
Chinese ideogram for NO-THING.)
	Upon hearing this, absolutely nobody was enlightened.
	Primarily because nobody understood Chinese.
		-- Camden Benares, "Zen Without Zen Masters"
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
42
Is knowledge knowable?  If not, how do we know that?
It is enough to make one sympathize with a tyrant for the determination
of his courtiers to deceive him for their own personal ends...
		-- Russell Baker and Charles Peters
With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team
celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus
party.  Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and
eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at
parties.
	"Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the
strong academic types than to the dumb party animals," she said.  "What's
your G.P.A.?"
	Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, "I get about twenty-five in
the city and forty on the highway."
There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.
Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
"The best index to a person's character is a) how he treats people who can't 
do him any good and b) how he treats people who can't fight back."
-- Abigail Van Buren
I don't want to live on in my work, I want to live on in my apartment.
		-- Woody Allen
Math is like love -- a simple idea but it can get complicated.
		-- R. Drabek
"I'm a mean green mother from outer space"
 -- Audrey II, The Little Shop of Horrors
"I saw _Lassie_. It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never 
spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series?"
-- the alien guy, in _Explorers_
Where's the man could ease a heart
Like a satin gown?
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Satin Dress"
Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
		-- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
audophile, n:
	Someone who listens to the equipment instead of the music.
Hanson's Treatment of Time:
	There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days
	before Saturday.
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
		-- Elliot, "E.T."
No one can guarantee the actions of another.
		-- Spock, "Day of the Dove", stardate unknown
The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
mixed emotions:
	Watching a bus-load of lawyers plunge off a cliff.
	With five empty seats.
I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
What is mind?  No matter.  What is matter?  Never mind.
		-- Thomas Hewitt Key, 1799-1875
	Fred noticed his roommate had a black eye upon returning from a dance.
"What happened?"
	"I was struck by the beauty of the place."
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.  There might be a
law against it by that time.
"People should have access to the data which you have about them.  There should
 be a process for them to challenge any inaccuracies."
-- Arthur Miller
She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n!  The batteries are dead!
lisp, v.:
	To call a spade a thpade.
There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have
no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms.  If they recalled
every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become
insupportable.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 7
proof by forward reference:
	Reference is usually to a forthcoming paper of the author, 
	which is often not as forthcoming as at first.

proof by semantic shift:
	Some of the standard but inconvenient definitions are changed 
	for the statement of the result.

proof by appeal to intuition:
	Cloud-shaped drawings frequently help here.
Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
Been Transferred Lately?
An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician find themselves in an
anecdote, indeed an anecdote quite similar to many that you have no doubt
already heard.  After some observations and rough calculations the
engineer realizes the situation and starts laughing.  A few minutes later
the physicist understands too and chuckles to himself happily as he now
has enough experimental evidence to publish a paper.  This leaves the
mathematician somewhat perplexed, as he had observed right away that he
was the subject of an anecdote, and deduced quite rapidly the presence of
humour from similar anecdotes, but considers this anecdote to be too
trivial a corollary to be significant, let alone funny.
Everybody is going somewhere!!  It's probably a garage sale or a
disaster Movie!!
"Israel today announced that it is giving up.  The Zionist state will dissolve 
in two weeks time, and its citizens will disperse to various resort communities
around the world.  Said Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, 'Who needs the 
aggravation?'"
-- Dennis Miller, "Satuday Night Live" News
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
 -- Russian Proverb
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie;
and at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head
into the shop. "What! no soap?" So he died, and she very imprudently
married the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand
Panjandrum himself, with the little round button at top, and they all
fell to playing the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran
out at the heels of their boots.
		-- Samuel Foote
All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.
Another Armenia, Belgium ... the weak innocents who always seem to be
located on a natural invasion route.
		-- Kirk, "Errand of Mercy", stardate 3198.4
Nothing shortens a journey so pleasantly as an account of misfortunes at
which the hearer is permitted to laugh.
		-- Quentin Crisp
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Ether!  (ether who?)  Ether Bunny... Yea!
[chorus]
	Yeay!
	Stay on the Happy side, always on the happy side,
	Stay on the Happy side of life!
	Bum bum bum bum bum bum
	You will feel no pain, as we drive you insane,
	So Stay on the Happy Side of life!

Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Anna!  (anna who?)
	An another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Stilla!  (stilla who?)
	Still another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Yetta!  (yetta who?)
	Yet another ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Cargo!  (cargo who?)
	Cargo beep beep and run over ether bunny... [chorus]
Knock Knock...  (who's there?)  Boo!  (boo who?)
	Don't Cry!  Ether bunny be back next year! [chorus]
Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches.  If the vending machine
doesn't sell it, they don't eat it.  Vending machines don't sell quiche.
Function reject.
I lay my head on the railroad tracks,
Waitin' for the double E.
The railroad don't run no more.
Poor poor pitiful me.			[chorus]
	Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
	These young girls won't let me be,
	Lord have mercy on me!
	Woe is me!

Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood,
Well, I ain't naming names.
But she really worked me over good,
She was just like Jesse James.
She really worked me over good,
She was a credit to her gender.
She put me through some changes, boy,
Sort of like a Waring blender.		[chorus]

I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar,
She asked me if I'd beat her.
She took me back to the Hyatt House,
I don't want to talk about it.		[chorus]
		-- Warren Zevon, "Poor Poor Pitiful Me"
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
Your worship is your furnaces
which, like old idols, lost obscenes,
have molten bowels; your vision is
machines for making more machines.
		-- Gordon Bottomley, 1874
"Every man has his price.  Mine is $3.95."
She's genuinely bogus.
Novinson's Revolutionary Discovery:
	When comes the revolution, things will be different --
	not better, just different.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
I am two with nature.
		-- Woody Allen
Love IS what it's cracked up to be.
Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two,
opulence is when you have three -- and paradise is when you have none.
		-- Doug Larson
... most of us learned about love the hard way.  Even warnings are probably
useless, for somehow, despite the severest warnings of parents and friends,
hundreds, thousands of women have forgotten themselves at the last minute
and succumbed to the lies, promises, flatteries, or mere attentions of
lusting, lovely men, landing themselves in complicated predicaments from
which some of them never recovered during their entire lives.  And I am not
speaking only of your teenaged Midwesterners in 1958; I'm speaking of women
of every age in every city in every year.  The notorious sexual revolution
has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
		-- Alix Kates Shulman
Tallulah Bankhead barged down the Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic
His designs were strictly honourable, as the phrase is: that is, to rob
a lady of her fortune by way of marriage.
		-- Henry Fielding, "Tom Jones"
Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	None:  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
The carbonyl is polarized,
The delta end is plus.
The nucleophile will thus attack,
The carbon nucleus.
Addition makes an alcohol,
Of types there are but three.
It makes a bond, to correspond,
From C to shining C.
		-- Prof. Frank Westheimer, to "America the Beautiful"
Mr and Mrs PED, can I borrow 26.7% of the RAYON TEXTILE production of
the INDONESIAN archipelago?
If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
		-- Jerry Muscha
"You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks."
		-- Gary Giddens
"Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore would allow such a
conventional thing to happen to him."
		-- John Barrymore's dying words
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course
is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
		-- H. Allen Smith, "Let the Crabgrass Grow"
At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news
to the patients.  The doctor tells the intern "This man in 305 is going to
die in six months.  Go in and tell him."  The intern boldly walks into the
room, over to the man's bedisde and tells him "Seems like you're gonna die!"
The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot.  The doctor
grabs the intern and screams at him, "What!?!? are you some kind of moron?
You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject.  Now this man in
213 has about a week to live.  Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me,
gently!"
	The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily
opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs
his pillow and wishes him a "Good morning!"  "Wonderful day, no?  Say...
guess who's going to die soon!"
Anything is possible on paper.
		-- Ron McAfee
"I have five dollars for each of you."
-- Bernhard Goetz
Inglish Spocken Hier: some mangled translations

	Sign on a cabin door of a Soviet Black Sea cruise liner:
		Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles!
		Associate the stringing apparata about the bosums and meet
		behind, flee then to the indifferent lifesaveringshippen
		obedicing the instructs of the vessel.

	On the door in a Belgrade hotel:
		Let us know about any unficiency as well as leaking on
		the service. Our utmost will improve it.

		-- Colin Bowles
The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars.
Take a look around you, tell me what you see,
A girl who thinks she's ordinary lookin' she has got the key.
If you can get close enough to look into her eyes
There's something special right behind the bitterness she hides.
	And you're fair game,
	You never know what she'll decide, you're fair game,
	Just relax, enjoy the ride.
Find a way to reach her, make yourself a fool,
But do it with a little class, disregard the rules.
'Cause this one knows the bottom line, couldn't get a date.
The ugly duckling striking back, and she'll decide her fate.
	(chorus)
The ones you never notice are the ones you have to watch.
She's pleasant and she's friendly while she's looking at your crotch.
Try your hand at conversation, gossip is a lie,
And sure enough she'll take you home and make you wanna die.
	(chorus)
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Fair Game"
"The ACLU has stood foursquare against the recurring tides of hysteria that
>from time to time threaten freedoms everyhere... Indeed, it is difficult
to appreciate how far our freedoms might have eroded had it not been for the
Union's valiant representation in the courts of the constitutional rights
of people of all persuasions, no matter how unpopular or even despised
by the majority they were at the time."
-- former Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren
There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and
family.  But he can't make a living for them *and* his government, too,
the way his government is living.  What the government has got to do is
live as cheap as the people.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
The animals are not as stupid as one thinks -- they have neither
doctors nor lawyers.
		-- L. Docquier
He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
		-- Sinbad
Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
		-- Han Solo
Got a dictionary?  I want to know the meaning of life.
And this is good old Boston,
The home of the bean and the cod,
Where the Lowells talk only to Cabots,
And the Cabots talk only to God.
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn
what it is I'll get married again.
		-- Clint Eastwood
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
> From MAILER-DAEMON@Think.COM Thu Mar  2 13:59:11 1989
> Subject: Returned mail: unknown mailer error 255

"Dale, your address no longer functions.  Can you fix it at your end?"
-- Bill Wolfe (wtwolfe@hubcap.clemson.edu)

"Bill, Your brain no longer functions.  Can you fix it at your end?"
-- Karl A. Nyberg (nyberg@ajpo.sei.cmu.edu)
Zounds!  I was never so bethumped with words
since I first called my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
In a whiskey it's age, in a cigarette it's taste and in a sports car
it's impossible.
College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the faculty
played instead of the students, and even more interesting if the trustees
played.  There would be a great increase in broken arms, legs, and necks,
and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the loss to humanity.
		-- H. L. Mencken
The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.
Do you know, I think that Dr. Swift was silly to laugh about Laputa.  I
believe it is a mistake to make a mock of people, just because they think.
There are ninety thousand people in this world who do not think, for every
one who does, and these people hate the thinkers like poison.  Even if some
thinkers are fanciful, it is wrong to make fun of them for it.  Better to
think about cucumbers even, than not to think at all.
		-- T.H. White
You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend,
You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.

(chorus)	Grovel, grovel, grovel, every night and every day,
		Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.

You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park,
You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
(chorus)

You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt,
You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
(chorus)
You know your apartment is small...
	when you can't know its position and velocity at the same time.
	you put your key in the lock and it breaks the window.
	you have to go outside to change your mind.
	you can vacuum the entire place using a single electrical outlet.
There appears to be irrefutable evidence that the mere fact of overcrowding
induces violence.
		-- Harvey Wheeler
About the only thing we have left that actually discriminates in favor of
the plain people is the stork.
... so long as the people do not care to exercise their freedom, those
who wish to tyrranize will do so; for tyrants are active and ardent,
and will devote themselves in the name of any number of gods, religious
and otherwise, to put shackles upon sleeping men.
		-- Voltarine de Cleyre
U.S. of A.:
	"Don't speak to the bus driver."
Germany:
	"It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver."
England:
	"You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver."
Scotland:
	"What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?"
Italy:
	"Don't answer the driver."
To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide a
test load.
Odets, where is thy sting?
		-- George S. Kaufman
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

4. DO NOT COMPLAIN IF THE TREATMENT FAILS TO BRING RELIEF.
	You must believe that your doctor has achieved a deep insight into
	the true nature of your illness, which transcends any mere permanent
	disability you may have experienced.

5. NEVER ASK YOUR DOCTOR TO EXPLAIN WHAT HE IS DOING OR WHY HE IS DOING IT.
	It is presumptuous to assume that such profound matters could be
	explained in terms that you would understand.

6. SUBMIT TO NOVEL EXPERIMANTAL TREATMENT READILY.
	Though the surgery may not benefit you directly, the resulting
	research paper will surely be of widespread interest.
Yield to Temptation ... it may not pass your way again.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
	A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat
loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs.  On Friday morning her
husband snarled, "How now, ground cow?"
With all the fancy scientists in the world, why can't they just once
build a nuclear balm?
We are sorry.  We cannot complete your call as dialed.  Please check
the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.

This is a recording.
The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge
and guilt.
		-- Elvis Costello
Q:	Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
A:	Because that was her name.
Oh, so there you are!
I THINK THEY SHOULD CONTINUE the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for
paneling.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate
of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour ...
		-- F. H. Wales (1936)
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously
cramp his style.
The proof that IBM didn't invent the car is that it has a steering wheel
and an accelerator instead of spurs and ropes, to be compatible with a horse.
		-- Jac Goudsmit
Must I hold a candle to my shames?
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political, petty, boring,
ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
	-- Leonard Kleinrock, on standards efforts
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
		-- Albert Einstein
It has been said that man is a rational animal.  All my life I have
been searching for evidence which could support this.
		-- Bertrand Russell
	"Are you sure you're not an encyclopedia salesman?"
	No, Ma'am.  Just a burglar, come to ransack the flat."
		-- Monty Python
Keep America beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans.
American culture is based on the automobile, and any young man of promise
is going to own one and want to travel great distances in it.  Consequently,
any young woman of aspiration should expect to spend most of her vacations
in a car, probing into unfamiliar corners.  She is not required to know how
to drive but she will certainly be expected to read the road map while her
husband drives, and if she can't, or if she's abnormally slow in giving him
help, she's bound to cause trouble.  Therefore, you'd think that colleges
which train the bright young women who're going to marry the bright young
men who are going to own the Cadillacs that roar back and forth across this
continent would teach the girls to read maps.  None do. They teach a hundred
other useless things, but never a word about the one that will cause the
greatest friction.
		-- James Michener, "Space"
[Washington, D.C.] is the home of... taste for the people -- the big,
the bland and the banal.
		-- Ada Louise Huxtable
A Hen Brooding Kittens
	A friend informs us that he saw at the Novato ranch, Marin county,
a few days since, a hen actually brooding and otherwise caring for three
kittens!  The gentleman upon whose premises this strange event is transpiring
says the hen adopted the kittens when they were but a few days old, and that
she has devoted them her undivided care for several weeks past.  The young
felines are now of respectable size, but they nevertheless follow the hen at
her cluckings, and are regularly brooded at night beneath her wings.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, July 2, 1861
I just remembered something about a TOAD!
"The pathology is to want control, not that you ever get it, because of
course you never do."
-- Gregory Bateson
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends
can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
		-- Clifton Fadiman
Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
		-- Spock, "The Enterprise Incident", stardate 5027.4
What we Are is God's gift to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.
Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
Vulcans do not approve of violence.
		-- Spock, "Journey to Babel", stardate 3842.4
Life is like a simile.
"Never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon."
Fellow programmer, greetings!  You are reading a letter which will bring
you luck and good fortune.  Just mail (or UUCP) ten copies of this letter
to ten of your friends.  Before you make the copies, send a chip or
other bit of hardware, and 100 lines of 'C' code to the first person on the
list given at the bottom of this letter.  Then delete their name and add
yours to the bottom of the list.

Don't break the chain!  Make the copy within 48 hours.  Gerald R. of San
Diego failed to send out his ten copies and woke the next morning to find
his job description changed to "COBOL programmer."  Fred A. of New York sent
out his ten copies and within a month had enough hardware and software to
build a Cray dedicated to playing Zork.  Martha H. of Chicago laughed at
this letter and broke the chain.  Shortly thereafter, a fire broke out in
her terminal and she now spends her days writing documentation for IBM PC's.

Don't break the chain!  Send out your ten copies today!
For example, if \thinmskip = 3mu, this makes \thickmskip = 6mu.  But if
you also want to use \skip12 for horizontal glue, whether in math mode or
not, the amount of skipping will be in points (e.g., 6pt).  The rule is
that glue in math mode varies with the size only when it is an \mskip;
when moving between an mskip and ordinary skip, the conversion factor
1mu=1pt is always used.  The meaning of '\mskip\skip12' and
'\baselineskip=\the\thickmskip' should be clear.
		-- Donald Knuth, TeX 82 -- Comparison with TeX80
Life may have no meaning, or, even worse, it may have a meaning of which
you disapprove.
Her locks an ancient lady gave
Her loving husband's life to save;
And men -- they honored so the dame --
Upon some stars bestowed her name.

But to our modern married fair,
Who'd give their lords to save their hair,
No stellar recognition's given.
There are not stars enough in heaven.
We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim
May you have many handsome and obedient sons.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
falsie salesman, n:
	Fuller bust man.
A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance. Kites rise
against the wind, not with it.
O'Brian's Law:
	Everything is always done for the wrong reasons.
Pushing 40 is exercise enough.
Now I know someone out there is going to claim, "Well then, UNIX is intuitive,
because you only need to learn 5000 commands, and then everything else follows
from that! Har har har!"
(Andy Bates in comp.os.linux.misc, on "intuitive interfaces", slightly
defending Macs.)
Reporter:   "What would you do if you found a million dollars?"
Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."
Revenge is a meal best served cold.
The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.
Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
		-- Erwin Tomash
Football combines the two worst features of American life.
It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
		-- George F. Will, "Men At Work:  The Craft of Baseball"
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
		-- E.M. Forster
If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
		-- G.K. Chesterton
Must I hold a candle to my shames?
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Today is what happened to yesterday.
The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.
When the sun shineth, make hay.
		-- John Heywood
It's hard to drive at the limit, but it's harder to know where the limits are.
		-- Stirling Moss
phosflink:
	To flick a bulb on and off when it burns out (as if, somehow, that
	will bring it back to life).
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)
Witch!  Witch!  They'll burn ya!
		-- Hag, "Tomorrow is Yesterday", stardate unknown
Hmmm ... a CRIPPLED ACCOUNTANT with a FALAFEL sandwich is HIT by a
TROLLEY-CAR ...
Ring around the collar.
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher
esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
		-- Nietzsche
"But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable computers?"
Testing can show the presense of bugs, but not their absence.
		-- Dijkstra
I have travelled the length and breadth of this country, and have talked with
the best people in business administration.  I can assure you on the highest
authority that data processing is a fad and won't last out the year.
		-- Editor in charge of business books at Prentice-Hall
		   publishers, responding to Karl V. Karlstrom (a junior 
		   editor who had recommended a manuscript on the new 
		   science of data processing), c. 1957
"You're a creature of the night, Michael.  Wait'll Mom hears about this."
-- from the movie "The Lost Boys"
"There... I've run rings 'round you logically"
-- Monty Python's Flying Circus
"I got into an elevator at work and this man followed in after me... I
pushed '1' and he just stood there... I said 'Hi, where you going?'  He
said, 'Phoenix.'  So I pushed Phoenix.  A few seconds later the doors
opened, two tumbleweeds blew in... we were in downtown Phoenix.  I looked
at him and said 'You know, you're the kind of guy I want to hang around
with.'  We got into his car and drove out to his shack in the desert.
Then the phone rang.  He said 'You get it.'  I picked it up and said
'Hello?'... the other side said 'Is this Steven Wright?'... I said 'Yes...'
The guy said 'Hi, I'm Mr. Jones, the student loan director from your bank...
It seems you have missed your last 17 payments, and the university you
attended said that they received none of the $17,000 we loaned you... we
would just like to know what happened to the money?'  I said, 'Mr. Jones,
I'll give it to you straight.  I gave all of the money to my friend Slick,
and with it he built a nuclear weapon... and I would appreciate it if you never
called me again."
		-- Steven Wright
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Thus spake the master programmer:
	"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
"Live or die, I'll make a million."
-- Reebus Kneebus, before his jump to the center of the earth, Firesign Theater
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow
morning, sleep late.
		-- Henny Youngman
Warp 7 -- It's a law we can live with.
Yow!  And then we could sit on the hoods of cars at stop lights!
"Any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple
his world.  To get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than
against them is to attain literacy."
-- Alan Kay, "Computer Software", Scientific American, September 1984
The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber has
already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture, finished,
and put inside boxes.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
Dear Ms. Postnews:
	I couldn't get mail through to somebody on another site.  What
	should I do?
		-- Eager Beaver

Dear Eager:
	No problem, just post your message to a group that a lot of people
read.  Say, "This is for John Smith.  I couldn't get mail through so I'm
posting it.  All others please ignore."
	This way tens of thousands of people will spend a few seconds scanning
over and ignoring your article, using up over 16 man-hours their collective
time, but you will be saved the terrible trouble of checking through usenet
maps or looking for alternate routes.  Just think, if you couldn't distribute
your message to 9000 other computers, you might actually have to (gasp) call
directory assistance for 60 cents, or even phone the person.  This can cost
as much as a few DOLLARS (!) for a 5 minute call!
	And certainly it's better to spend 10 to 20 dollars of other people's
money distributing the message than for you to have to waste $9 on an overnight
letter, or even 25 cents on a stamp!
	Don't forget.  The world will end if your message doesn't get through,
so post it as many places as you can.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
"There was an interesting development in the CBS-Westmoreland trial:
both sides agreed that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to
talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him
during the trial."
		-- David Letterman
Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.
Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.
It's gonna be alright,
It's almost midnight,
And I've got two more bottles of wine.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought,
a rivalry of aim.  -- Henry Brook Adams
Now I think I just reached the state of HYPERTENSION that comes JUST
BEFORE you see the TOTAL at the SAFEWAY CHECKOUT COUNTER!
The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning, 
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.  
		-- H.D. Thoreau
The thrill is here, but it won't last long
You'd better have your fun before it moves along...
Darling: the popular form of address used in speaking to a member of the
opposite sex whose name you cannot at the moment remember.
		-- Oliver Herford
Finality is death.
Perfection is finality.
Nothing is perfect.
There are lumps in it.
Mos Eisley Spaceport; you'll not find a more wretched collection of
villainy and disreputable types...
		-- Obi-wan Kenobi, "Star Wars"
I argue very well.  Ask any of my remaining friends.  I can win an argument on
any topic, against any opponent.  People know this, and steer clear of me at
parties.  Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.
		-- Dave Barry
Weiler's Law:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
"Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense."
QOTD:
	"It seems to me that your antenna doesn't bring in too many
	stations anymore."
You are not permitted to kill a woman who has wronged you, but nothing
forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute.  You are
avenged fourteen hundred and forty times a day.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in
the milk.
		-- Thoreau
Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare
Death didn't answer.  He was looking at Spold in the same way as a dog looks
at a bone, only in this case things were more or less the other way around.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Colour of Magic"
For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#37
	Can you name the seven seas?
		Antartic, Artic, North Atlantic, South Atlantic, Indian,
		North Pacific, South Pacific.
	Can you name the seven dwarfs from Snow White?
		Doc, Dopey, Sneezy, Happy, Grumpy, Sleepy and Bashful.
idiot box, n.:
	The part of the envelope that tells a person where to place the
	stamp when they can't quite figure it out for themselves.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
Don't tell me how hard you work.  Tell me how much you get done.
-- James J. Ling
Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.
The PILLSBURY DOUGHBOY is CRYING for an END to BURT REYNOLDS movies!!
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
You can observe a lot just by watching.  -- Yogi Berra
"I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder
have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.
This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's
reign.  My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.  Better go
buy some more."
		-- timw@zeb.USWest.COM
So, if we convert SUPPLY-SIDE SOYABEAN FUTURES into HIGH-YIELD T-BILL
INDICATORS, the PRE-INFLATIONARY risks will DWINDLE to a rate of 2
SHOPPING SPREES per EGGPLANT!!
"World domination.  Fast"
(By Linus Torvalds)
The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday
they might force their beliefs on us.
		-- Mario Cuomo
I'm reporting for duty as a modern person.  I want to do the Latin Hustle now!
You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.
The time is right to make new friends.
Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered.  I myself would
say that it had merely been detected.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Atlanta makes it against the law to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole
or street lamp.
I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and
after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government
of England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only
commenced, I have received neither an acknowledgement of my labors, not even
the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the
reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...
	If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were
a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the
execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some
justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but I
venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will
ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if
made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to
declare the construction of such machinery impracticable...
	And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed
by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its
advancement, which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I
think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abtruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
		-- Charles Babbage, "The Life of a Philosopher"
No one is fit to be trusted with power. ... No one. ... Any man who has lived
at all knows the follies and wickedness he's capabe of. ... And if he does
know it, he knows also that neither he nor any man ought to be allowed to
decide a single human fate.
- C. P. Snow, The Light and the Dark
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know
nothing about.
"Hello again, Peabody here..."
-- Mister Peabody
Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
	for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
	cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Two hundred years ago today, Irma Chine of White Plains, New York, was 
performing her normal housekeeping routines.  She was interrupted by 
British soldiers who, rallying to the call of their supervisor, General
Hughes, sought to gain control of the voter registration lists kept in
her home.  Masking her fear and thinking fast, Mrs. Chine quickly divided
a nearby apple in two and deftly stored the list in its center.  Upon
entering, the British blatantly violated every conceivable convention,
and, though they went through the house virtually bit by bit, their
search was fruitless.  They had to return empty handed.  Word of the
incident propagated rapidly through the region.  This historic event
became the first documented use of core storage for the saving of registers.
love, n.:
	When, if asked to choose between your lover
	and happiness, you'd skip happiness in a heartbeat.
Many Myths are based on truth
		-- Spock, "The Way to Eden",  stardate 5832.3
The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:
	The greatest single aid to distance is for the disc to be going in a
	direction you did not want.   (Goes the wrong way = Goes a long way.)
		-- Dan Roddick
Q:	Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon?
A:	To impress Jodie Foster.
You were s'posed to laugh!
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory,
in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.

	But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay:
	for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.
		-- Matthew 5:37
"Lead us in a few words of silent prayer."
-- Bill Peterson, former Houston Oiler football coach
semper en excretus
A woman shouldn't have to buy her own perfume.
		-- Maurine Lewis
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
		-- General James Gavin
$3,000,000.
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is
not worth knowing.
"I turn on my television set.  I see a young lady who goes under the guise
of being a Christian, known all over the nation, dressed in skin-tight
leather pants, shaking and wiggling her hips to the beat and rythm of the
music as the strobe lights beat their patterns across the stage and the
band plays the contemporary rock sound which cannot be differentiated from
songs by the Grateful Dead, the Beatles, or anyone else.  And you may try
to tell me this is of God and that it is leading people to Christ, but I
know better.
-- Jimmy Swaggart, hypocritical sexual pervert and TV preacher, self-described
 pornography addict, "Two points of view: 'Christian' rock and roll.", 
 The Evangelist, 17(8): 49-50.
[From an announcement of a congress of the International Ontopsychology
Association, in Rome]:

The Ontopsychological school, availing itself of new research criteria and
of a new telematic epistemology, maintains that social modes do not spring
from dialectics of territory or of class, or of consumer goods, or of means
of power, but rather from dynamic latencies capillarized in millions of
individuals in system functions which, once they have reached the event
maturation, burst forth in catastrophic phenomenology engaging a suitable
stereotype protagonist or duty marionette (general, president, political
party, etc.) to consummate the act of social schizophrenia in mass genocide.
Custer committed Siouxicide.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.  I'm frightened
of the old ones.
		-- John Cage
"The medium is the message."
-- Marshall McLuhan
Veni, vidi, vici.
	[I came, I saw, I conquered].
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
If you stew apples like cranberries, they taste more like prunes than
rhubarb does.
		-- Groucho Marx
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis
	One of the questions that comes up all the time is: How enthusiastic
is our support for UNIX?
	Unix was written on our machines and for our machines many years ago.
Today, much of UNIX being done is done on our machines. Ten percent of our
VAXs are going for UNIX use.  UNIX is a simple language, easy to understand,
easy to get started with. It's great for students, great for somewhat casual
users, and it's great for interchanging programs between different machines.
And so, because of its popularity in these markets, we support it.  We have
good UNIX on VAX and good UNIX on PDP-11s.
	It is our belief, however, that serious professional users will run
out of things they can do with UNIX. They'll want a real system and will end
up doing VMS when they get to be serious about programming.
	With UNIX, if you're looking for something, you can easily and quickly
check that small manual and find out that it's not there.  With VMS, no matter
what you look for -- it's literally a five-foot shelf of documentation -- if
you look long enough it's there.  That's the difference -- the beauty of UNIX
is it's simple; and the beauty of VMS is that it's all there.
		-- Ken Olsen, president of DEC, DECWORLD Vol. 8 No. 5, 1984
[It's been argued that the beauty of UNIX is the same as the beauty of Ken
Olsen's brain.  Ed.]
	"I quite agree with you," said the Duchess; "and the moral of
that is -- `Be what you would seem to be' -- or, if you'd like it put
more simply -- `Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it
might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be
otherwise.'"
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Alice in Wonderland"
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the
stupidity of your action.
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the
world is love.  The poor know that it is money.
		-- Gerald Brenan
If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.
There are many of us in this old world of ours who hold that things break
about even for all of us.  I have observed, for example, that we all get
about the same amount of ice.  The rich get it in the summer and the poor
get it in the winter.
		-- Bat Masterson
Didn't I buy a 1951 Packard from you last March in Cairo?
I was born because it was a habit in those days, people didn't know
anything else ... I was not a Child Prodigy, because a Child Prodigy is
a child who knows as much when it is a child as it does when it grows up.
		-- Will Rogers
	The Magician of the Ivory Tower brought his latest invention for the
master programmer to examine.  The magician wheeled a large black box into the
master's office while the master waited in silence.
	"This is an integrated, distributed, general-purpose workstation,"
began the magician, "ergonomically designed with a proprietary operating
system, sixth generation languages, and multiple state of the art user
interfaces.  It took my assistants several hundred man years to construct.
Is it not amazing?"
	The master raised his eyebrows slightly. "It is indeed amazing," he
said.
	"Corporate Headquarters has commanded," continued the magician, "that
everyone use this workstation as a platform for new programs.  Do you agree
to this?"
	"Certainly," replied the master, "I will have it transported to the
data center immediately!"  And the magician returned to his tower, well
pleased.
	Several days later, a novice wandered into the office of the master
programmer and said, "I cannot find the listing for my new program.  Do
you know where it might be?"
	"Yes," replied the master, "the listings are stacked on the platform
in the data center."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer
of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that
continues to this day.
		-- Wayne Shannon
Women in love consist of a little sighing, a little crying, a little dying
-- and a good deal of lying.
		-- Ansey
We are what we pretend to be.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.
Dear Mister Language Person: What is the purpose of the apostrophe?

Answer: The apostrophe is used mainly in hand-lettered small business signs
to alert the reader than an "S" is coming up at the end of a word, as in:
WE DO NOT EXCEPT PERSONAL CHECK'S, or: NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ITEM'S.
Another important grammar concept to bear in mind when creating hand- lettered
small-business signs is that you should put quotation marks around random
words for decoration, as in "TRY" OUR HOT DOG'S, or even TRY "OUR" HOT DOG'S.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"
Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.
Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.
He hath eaten me out of house and home.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people
worry than work.
"Lying lips are abomination to the Lord; but they that deal truly are his 
 delight.
 A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
 He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto
 him.
 Be not a witness against thy neighbor without cause; and deceive not with 
 thy lips.
 Death and life are in the power of the tongue."
-- Proverbs, some selections from the Jewish Scripture
Oliver's Law:
	Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
QOTD:
	"I never met a man I couldn't drink handsome."
Traveling through New England, a motorist stopped for gas in a tiny village.
"What's this place called?" he asked the station attendant.
	"All depends," the native drawled.  "Do you mean by them that has
to live in this dad-blamed, moth-eaten, dust-covered, one-hoss dump, or
by them that's merely enjoying its quaint and picturesque rustic charms
for a short spell?"
It looked like something resembling white marble, which was
probably what it was: something resembling white marble.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy"
A comment on schedules:
 Ok, how long will it take?    
   For each manager involved in initial meetings add one month.
   For each manager who says "data flow analysis" add another month.
   For each unique end-user type add one month.
   For each unknown software package to be employed add two months.
   For each unknown hardware device add two months.
   For each 100 miles between developer and installation add one month.
   For each type of communication channel add one month.
   If an IBM mainframe shop is involved and you are working on a non-IBM
      system add 6 months.
   If an IBM mainframe shop is involved and you are working on an IBM
      system add 9 months.
Round up to the nearest half-year.
--Brad Sherman
By the way, ALL software projects are done by iterative prototyping.
Some companies call their prototypes "releases", that's all.
Life is a process, not a principle, a mystery to be lived, not a problem to
be solved.
- Gerard Straub, television producer and author (stolen from Frank Herbert??)
UH-OH!!  I think KEN is OVER-DUE on his R.V. PAYMENTS and HE'S having a
NERVOUS BREAKDOWN too!!  Ha ha.
Higher education helps your earning capacity.  Ask any college professor.
Professional wrestling:  ballet for the common man.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
When the Universe was not so out of whack as it is today, and all the
stars were lined up in their proper places, you could easily count them
from left to right, or top to bottom, and the larger and bluer ones were
set apart, and the smaller yellowing types pushed off to the corners as
bodies of a lower grade ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
The difference between reality and unreality is that reality has so
little to recommend it.
		-- Allan Sherman
Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as
artificial flowers have to flowers.
		-- David Parnas
"Don't talk to me about disclaimers!  I invented disclaimers!"
-- The Censored Hacker
Thou hast seen nothing yet.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
		-- Nicol Williamson
Q:	What's the difference between a duck and an elephant?
A:	You can't get down off an elephant.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but its the only one we've got.
Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine.  When he awoke
he exclaimed:
	"I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine,
	or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
		-- Jimmy Cannon
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.  As a matter of fact, you don't
have a lucky day this year.
I didn't order any WOO-WOO ... Maybe a YUBBA ... But no WOO-WOO!
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
		-- George Herbert
Watch Rincewind.

Look at him.  Scrawny, like most wizards, and clad in a dark red robe on
which a few mystic sigils were embroidered in tarnished sequins. Some might
have taken him for a mere apprentice enchanter who had run away from his
master out of defiance, boredom, fear and a lingering taste for
heterosexuality.  Yet around his neck was a chain bearing the bronze octagon
that marked him as an alumnus of Unseen University, the high school of magic
whose time-and-space transcendent campus is never precisely Here or There.
Graduates were usually destined for mageship at least, but Rincewind--after
an unfortunate event--had left knowing only one spell and made a living of
sorts around the town by capitalizing on an innate gift for languages.  He
avoided work as a rule, but had a quickness of wit that put his
acquaintances in mind of a bright rodent.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Colour of Magic"
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
Too much is just enough.
		-- Mark Twain, on whiskey
I sent a letter to the fish,		I said it very loud and clear,
I told them, "This is what I wish."	I went and shouted in his ear.
The little fishes of the sea,		But he was very stiff and proud,
They sent an answer back to me.		He said "You needn't shout so loud."
The little fishes' answer was		And he was very proud and stiff,
"We cannot do it, sir, because..."	He said "I'll go and wake them if..."
I sent a letter back to say		I took a kettle from the shelf,
It would be better to obey.		I went to wake them up myself.
But someone came to me and said		But when I found the door was locked
"The little fishes are in bed."		I pulled and pushed and kicked and
						knocked,
I said to him, and I said it plain	And when I found the door was shut,
"Then you must wake them up again."	I tried to turn the handle, But...

	"Is that all?" asked Alice.
	"That is all." said Humpty Dumpty. "Goodbye."
In this world there are only two tragedies.  One is not getting what one
wants, and the other is getting it.
		-- Oscar Wilde
LOOK!!  Sullen American teens wearing MADRAS shorts and "Flock of
Seagulls" HAIRCUTS!
Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, on qualifiers
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of
absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness
within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and
doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone
of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
		-- Shirley Jackson, "The Haunting of Hill House"
An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God.  Some of these eyes
we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as possible.
		-- Russell Hoban, "Pilgermann"
TAPPING?  You POLITICIANS!  Don't you realize that the END of the "Wash
Cycle" is a TREASURED MOMENT for most people?!
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Look at it this way: Your wife's spending $280 a month on meditation lessons to
forget $26,000 of college education. And you're still drinking ordinary scotch?
Q:	What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
A:	The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
Yes, but which self do you want to be?
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac; you can always take something for it.
	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Description:
	Gangly and frail, the hacker has a high forehead and thinning hair.
	Head disproportionately large and crooked forward, complexion wan and
	sightly gray from CRT illumination.  He has heavy black-rimmed glasses
	and a look of intense concentration, which may be due to a software
	problem or to a pork-and-bean breakfast.
Feathering:
	HOMO COMPUTATIS saw a Brylcreem ad fifteen years ago and believed it.
	Consequently, crest is greased down, except for the cowlick.
Song:
	A rather plaintive "Is it up?"
Have you seen how Sonny's burning,
Like some bright erotic star,
He lights up the proceedings,
And raises the temperature.
		-- The Birthday Party, "Sonny's Burning"
He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
		-- Joseph Alsop
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
		-- P. Erdos
What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
		-- John Lubbock
When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half loop?
Never get into fights with ugly people because they have nothing to lose.
Bride, n.:
	A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient
evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than words.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
"You are old," said the youth, "and I'm told by my peers
	That your lectures bore people to death.
Yet you talk at one hundred conventions per year --
	Don't you think that you should save your breath?"

"I have answered three questions and that is enough,"
	Said his father, "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you downstairs!"
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed
It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the
manes of horses.  The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle
baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest
is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.
Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they
are another's.
		 -- Susanna Martin, executed for witchcraft, 1681
Parsley
	 is gharsley.
		-- Ogden Nash
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
In this world there are only two tragedies.  One is not getting what one
wants, and the other is getting it.
		-- Oscar Wilde
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin
Franklin said it first.
Look!  Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.
Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?  Who knows?  Who cares?
Words are the voice of the heart.
[Wisdom] is a tree of life to those laying
hold of her, making happy each one holding her fast.
		-- Proverbs 3:18, NSV
There are many of us in this old world of ours who hold that things break
about even for all of us.  I have observed, for example, that we all get
about the same amount of ice.  The rich get it in the summer and the poor
get it in the winter.
		-- Bat Masterson
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World
War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
		-- Albert Einstein
+#if defined(__alpha__) && defined(CONFIG_PCI)
+       /*
+        * The meaning of life, the universe, and everything. Plus
+        * this makes the year come out right.
+        */
+       year -= 42;
+#endif
(From the patch for 1.3.2: (kernel/time.c), submitted by Marcus Meissner)
Be circumspect in your liaisons with women.  It is better to be seen at
the opera with a man than at mass with a woman.
		-- De Maintenon
You're not Dave.  Who are you?
			It's grad exam time...
COMPUTER SCIENCE
	Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating
system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert
this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system.  Prove that these fixes are
bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the
new system.  (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.)

MATHEMATICS
	If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long
it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the
length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Describe the Universe.  Give three examples.
Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
		-- Oscar Wilde
I had an errand there: gathering water-lilies,
green leaves and lilies white to please my pretty lady,
the last ere the year's end to keep them from the winter,
to flower by her pretty feet till the snows are melted.

Each year at summer's end I go to find them for her,
in a wide pool, deep and clear, far down Withywindle;
there they open first in spring and there they linger latest.

By that pool long ago I found the River-daughter,
fair young Goldberry sitting in the rushes.
Sweet was her singing then, and her heart was beating!

And that proved well for you--for now I shall no longer
go down deep again along the forest-water,
no while the year is old.  Nor shall I be passing
Old Man Willow's house this side of spring-time,
not till the merry spring, when the River-daughter
dances down the withy-path to bathe in the water.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school
make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
If you resist reading what you disagree with, how will you ever acquire
deeper insights into what you believe?  The things most worth reading
are precisely those that challenge our convictions.
Q:	What is the sound of one cat napping?
A:	Mu.
Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes on a long,
dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists and turns, being
attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and not knowing until the last
minute whether it will be turned into a useful body part or ejected into the
Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter.  We Americans live in a nation where the
medical-care system is second to none in the world, unless you count maybe
25 or 30 little scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in
seconds if we felt like it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Stay Fit & Healthy Until You're Dead"
Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other reason
than self-protection.  We never recommend any of our graduates, although we
cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed their courses.
		-- Jack Vance, "Freitzke's Turn"
Rhode's Law:
	When any principle, law, tenet, probability, happening, circumstance,
	or result can in no way be directly, indirectly, empirically, or
	circuitously proven, derived, implied, inferred, induced, deducted,
	estimated, or scientifically guessed, it will always for the purpose
	of convenience, expediency, political advantage, material gain, or
	personal comfort, or any combination of the above, or none of the
	above, be unilaterally and unequivocally assumed, proclaimed, and
	adhered to as absolute truth to be undeniably, universally, immutably,
	and infinitely so, until such time as it becomes advantageous to
	assume otherwise, maybe.
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real
with the ideal never goes unpunished.
		-- Goethe
Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
A bureaucrat's idea of cleaning up his files is to make a copy of everything
before he destroys it.
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
	-- Jean Cocteau
"I went to a job interview the other day, the guy asked me if I had any
questions , I said yes, just one, if you're in a car traveling at the
speed of light and you turn your headlights on, does anything happen?

He said he couldn't answer that, I told him sorry, but I couldn't work
for him then.
		-- Steven Wright
Happy feast of the pig!
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get rich, 
or famous or both.
Let thy maid servant be faithful, strong, and homely.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
		-- Bob Hope
Xerox does it again and again and again and ...
"An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New 
Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not 
new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax."
-- David Letterman
Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind
the tree."
		-- Russell Long
Novinson's Revolutionary Discovery:
	When comes the revolution, things will be different --
	not better, just different.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!
We are all agreed that your theory is crazy.  The question which divides us is
whether it is crazy enough to have a chance of being correct.  My own feeling
is that it is not crazy enough. 
		-- Niels Bohr
The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.
Some say the world will end in fire,
Some say in ice.
From what I've tasted of desire
I hold with those who favor fire.
But if it had to perish twice,
I think I know enough of hate
To say that for destruction, ice
Is also great
And would suffice.
		-- Robert Frost, "Fire and Ice"
			Pittsburgh driver's test

(5) Your car's horn is a vital piece of safety equipment.  How often should
you test it?

	(a) once a year.
	(b) once a month.
	(c) once a day.
	(d) once an hour.

The correct answer is (d). You should test your car's horn at least once
every hour, and more often at night or in residential neighborhoods.
It is surely a great calamity for a human being to have no obsessions.
- Robert Bly
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he
was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
		-- Mark Twain
There are strange things done in the midnight sun
	By the men who moil for gold;
The Arctic trails have their secret tales
	That would make your blood run cold;
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,
	But the queerest they ever did see
Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge
	I cremated Sam McGee.
		-- Robert W. Service
Mr. DePree believes participative capitalism is the wave of the future.  The
U.S. work force, he believes, "more and more demands to be included in the
capitalist system and if we don't find ways to get the capitalist system
to be an inclusive system rather than the exclusive system it has been, we're
all in deep trouble.  If we don't find ways to begin to understand that 
capitalism's highest potential lies in the common good, not in the individual
good, then we're risking the system itself."
-- Max DePree, chairman and CEO of Herman Miller Inc., "Herman Miller's 
   Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor):
	That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
	or subtracted from the answer you got, gives you the answer you
	should have gotten.
There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have
no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms.  If they recalled
every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become
insupportable.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble:
and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
		-- Sir Thomas More
Reach into the thoughts of friends,
And find they do not know your name.
Squeeze the teddy bear too tight,
And watch the feathers burst the seams.
Touch the stained glass with your cheek,
And feel its chill upon your blood.
Hold a candle to the night,
And see the darkness bend the flame.
Tear the mask of peace from God,
And hear the roar of souls in hell.
Pluck a rose in name of love,
And watch the petals curl and wilt.
Lean upon the western wind,
And know you are alone.
		-- Dru Mims
I'm into SOFTWARE!
Keep up the good work!  But please don't ask me to help.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus
"There was an interesting development in the CBS-Westmoreland trial:
both sides agreed that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to
talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him
during the trial."
		-- David Letterman
You don't sew with a fork, so I see no reason to eat with knitting needles.
		-- Miss Piggy, on eating Chinese Food
Personally, I think my choice in the mostest-superlative-computer wars has to
be the HP-48 series of calculators.  They'll run almost anything.  And if they
can't, while I'll just plug a Linux box into the serial port and load up the
HP-48 VT-100 emulator.
(By jdege@winternet.com, Jeff Dege)
Ducharme's Precept:
	Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.

Ducharme's Axiom:
	If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize
	yourself as part of the problem.
The Great Movie Posters:

HOT STEEL BETWEEN THEIR LEGS!
		-- The Cycle Savages (1969)

The Hand that Rocks the Cradle...   Has no Flesh on It!
		-- Who Slew Auntie Roo? (1971)

TWO GREAT BLOOD HORRORS TO RIP OUT YOUR GUTS!
		-- I Eat Your Skin & I Drink Your Blood (1971 double-bill)

They Went In People and Came Out Hamburger!
		-- The Corpse Grinders (1971)
I selected E5 ... but I didn't hear "Sam the Sham and the Pharoahs"!
Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other reason
than self-protection.  We never recommend any of our graduates, although we
cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed their courses.
		-- Jack Vance, "Freitzke's Turn"
Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you.
Nice guys finish last.
		-- Leo Durocher
He who hesitates is last.
In Africa some of the native tribes have a custom of beating the ground
with clubs and uttering spine chilling cries.  Anthropologists call
this a form of primitive self-expression.  In America we call it golf.
The Fifth Rule:
	You have taken yourself too seriously.
The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes
the worst cigars.
		-- H. L. Mencken
Another megabytes the dust.
We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.
"Israel today announced that it is giving up.  The Zionist state will dissolve 
in two weeks time, and its citizens will disperse to various resort communities
around the world.  Said Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, 'Who needs the 
aggravation?'"
-- Dennis Miller, "Satuday Night Live" News
	You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the
Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the
parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day.
		-- Sherlock Holmes
If it happens once, it's a bug.
If it happens twice, it's a feature.
If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.
Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and without
greatness.  Those who have greatness within them do not go in for politics.
		-- Albert Camus
Life is like a simile.
A well-used door needs no oil on its hinges.
A swift-flowing steam does not grow stagnant.
Neither sound nor thoughts can travel through a vacuum.
Software rots if not used.

These are great mysteries.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
		-- The Duke of Wellington
Vegetables are what food eats.
Fruit are vegetables that fool you by tasting good.
Fish are fast moving vegetables.
Mushrooms are what grows on vegetables when food's done with them.
		-- Meat Eater's Credo, according to Jim Williams
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Ninety-Ninety Rule of Project Schedules:
	The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of
	the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.
	The birds are singing, the flowers are budding, and it is time
for Miss Manners to tell young lovers to stop necking in public.
	It's not that Miss Manners is immune to romance.  Miss Manners
has been known to squeeze a gentleman's arm while being helped over a
curb, and, in her wild youth, even to press a dainty slipper against a
foot or two under the dinner table.  Miss Manners also believes that the
sight of people strolling hand in hand or arm in arm or arm in hand
dresses up a city considerably more than the more familiar sight of
people shaking umbrellas at one another.  What Miss Manners objects to
is the kind of activity that frightens the horses on the street...
If he had only learnt a little less, how infinitely better he might have
taught much more!
Be careful!  UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
It is not enough that I should succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Ray Kroc, Founder of McDonald's
		[Also attributed to David Merrick.  Ed.]

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
		-- Gore Vidal
		[Great minds think alike?  Ed.]
The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.  Let the reader
catch his own breath.
		-- Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart
"Hi.  This is Dan Cassidy's answering machine.  Please leave your name and 
number... and after I've doctored the tape, your message will implicate you
 in a federal crime and be brought to the attention of the F.B.I... BEEEP"
 -- Blue Devil comics
I want to reach your mind -- where is it currently located?
You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
		-- Katharine Fullerton Gerould
You're dead, Jim.
		-- McCoy, "Amok Time", stardate 3372.7
Gnagloot, n.:
	A person who leaves all his ski passes on his jacket just to
	impress people.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
I can't think about that.  It doesn't go with HEDGES in the shape of
LITTLE LULU -- or ROBOTS making BRICKS ...
"Oh dear, I think you'll find reality's on the blink again."
-- Marvin The Paranoid Android
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equpped with 18,000 vaccuum tubes and
weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes
and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
		-- Popular Mechanics, March 1949
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
We must die because we have known them.
		-- Ptah-hotep, 2000 B.C.
Hate the sin and love the sinner.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi
Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
		-- Bergan Evans
Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the
pens will multiply instead of disappear.
He's just like Capistrano, always ready for a few swallows.
The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.
No spitting on the Bus!
Thank you, The Mgt.
The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted
sullenly and, buffing her already impeccable nails -- not for the first
time since the journey begain -- pondered snidely if this would dissolve
into a vignette of minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent
with Basil.
		-- Winning sentence, 1983 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer
terror.
		-- W.K. Hartmann
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
		-- E.M. Forster
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
pessimist:
	A man who spends all his time worrying about how he can keep the
	wolf from the door.

optimist:
	A man who refuses to see the wolf until he seizes the seat of
	his pants.

opportunist:
	A man who invites the wolf in and appears the next day in a fur coat.
sugar daddy, n.:
	A man who can afford to raise cain.
Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
		-- T.S. Eliot, "The Family Reunion"
Ego sum ens omnipotens.
Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Go away.  You bother me.
	Why?   Because life is unfair.
	That's a nice drawing.  What is it?
	Children should be seen and not heard.
	You'll be the death of me.
	You'll understand when you're older.
	Because.
	Wipe that smile off your face.
	I don't believe you.
	How many times have I told you to be careful?
	Just beacuse.
Yow!
I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation,
indivisible,
with liberty
and justice for all.
- Francis Bellamy, 1892
The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd
And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven;
The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth
And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change.
These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Richard II"
Whenever someone tells you to take their advice, you can be pretty sure
that they're not using it.
Friends, Romans, Hipsters,
Let me clue you in;
I come to put down Caesar, not to groove him.
The square kicks some cats are on stay with them;
The hip bits, like, go down under; 
so let it lay with Caesar.  The cool Brutus
Gave you the message: Caesar had big eyes;
If that's the sound, someone's copping a plea,
And, like, old Caesar really set them straight.
Here, copacetic with Brutus and the studs, -- 
for Brutus is a real cool cat;
So are they all, all cool cats, --
Come I to make this gig at Caesar's laying down.
I don't have any use for bodyguards, but I do have a specific use for two
highly trained certified public accountants.
		-- Elvis Presley
Experience, n.:
	Something you don't get until just after you need it.
		-- Olivier
Isn't this my STOP?!
The real reason psychology is hard is that psychologists are trying to
do the impossible.
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
		-- Bertolt Brecht
The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
		-- T.K.
Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
-- Jean Cocteau
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
Q:	What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
A:	Yogurt has culture.
I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson
"You can't get very far in this world without your dossier being there first."
-- Arthur Miller
Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.
The optimum committee has no members.
		-- Norman Augustine
Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a
percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz
Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.
Never frighten a small man -- he'll kill you.
Hold the MAYO & pass the COSMIC AWARENESS ...
Necessity is a mother.
A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
		-- Overheard in an algebra lecture.
1/2 oz. gin
1/2 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. rum (preferably dark)
3/4 oz. tequilla
1/2 oz. triple sec
1/2 oz. orange juice
3/4 oz. sour mix
1/2 oz. cola
shake with ice and strain into frosted glass.
		Long Island Iced Tea
The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart's.
		-- Polish proverb
	We have some absolutely irrefutable statistics to show exactly why
you are so tired.
	There are not as many people actually working as you may have thought.
	The population of this country is 200 million.  84 million are over
60 years of age, which leaves 116 million to do the work.  People under 20
years of age total 75 million, which leaves 41 million to do the work.
	There are 22 million who are employed by the government, which leaves
19 million to do the work.  Four million are in the Armed Services, which
leaves 15 million to do the work.  Deduct 14,800,000, the number in the state
and city offices, leaving 200,000 to do the work.  There are 188,000 in
hospitals, insane asylums, etc., so that leaves 12,000 to do the work.
	Now it may interest you to know that there are 11,998 people in jail,
so that leaves just 2 people to carry the load. That is you and me, and
brother, I'm getting tired of doing everything myself!
If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
		-- Question James Thurber used to drive his German Shepherd
		   crazy.
The idea of male and female are universal constants.
		-- Kirk, "Metamorphosis", stardate 3219.8
"All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is
constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role
they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume."
-- Noam Chomsky
Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).
I don't kill flies, but I like to mess with their minds.  I hold them above
globes.  They freak out and yell "Whooa, I'm *way* too high."
		-- Bruce Baum
Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.
... bleakness ... desolation ... plastic forks ...
Basic is a high level languish.  APL is a high level anguish.
First Rule of History:
	History doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each other.
If you think the system is working, ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.
Women waste men's lives and think they have indemnified them by a few
gracious words.
		-- Honor'e de Balzac
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that carries any
reward.
		-- John Maynard Keynes
Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine
Nature to all things fixed the limits fit,
And wisely curbed proud man's pretending wit.
As on the land while here the ocean gains,
In other parts it leaves wide sandy plains;
Thus in the soul while memory prevails,
The solid power of understanding fails;
Where beams of warm imagination play,
The memory's soft figures melt away.
		-- Alexander Pope (on runtime bounds checking?)
panic: kernel trap (ignored)
Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
EOF
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.
The Kosher Dill was invented in 1723 by Joe Kosher and Sam Dill.  It is
the single most popular pickle variety today, enjoyed throughout the free
world by man, woman and child alike.  An astounding 350 billion kosher
dills are eaten each year, averaging out to almost 1/4 pickle per person
per day.  New York Times food critic Mimi Sheraton says "The kosher dill
really changed my life.  I used to enjoy eating McDonald's hamburgers and
drinking Iron City Lite, and then I encountered the kosher dill pickle.
I realized that there was far more to haute cuisine then I'd ever imagined.
And now, just look at me."
I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.
Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.
How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra
Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
Help!  I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and
when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
		-- Dick Brandon
The law will never make men free; it is men who have got to make the law free.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory,
in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.

	But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay:
	for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.
		-- Matthew 5:37
Having no talent is no longer enough.
		-- Gore Vidal
"It's the best thing since professional golfers on 'ludes."
-- Rick Obidiah
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
	A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best
friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown.  When asked by her father why she
had been on the phone so long, she responded "I heard a funny story today
and I've been telling it to the Maureens."
I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused.
		-- Elvis Costello
Don't steal... the IRS hates competition!
The Man Who Almost Invented The Vacuum Cleaner
	The man officially credited with inventing the vacuum cleaner is
Hubert Cecil Booth.  However, he got the idea from a man who almost
invented it.  
	In 1901 Booth visited a London music-hall.  On the bill was an
American inventor with his wonder machine for removing dust from carpets.
	The machine comprised a box about one foot square with a bag on top.
After watching the act -- which made everyone in the front six rows sneeze
-- Booth went round to the inventor's dressing room.
	"It should suck not blow," said Booth, coming straight to the
point.  "Suck?", exclaimed the enraged inventor.  "Your machine just moves
the dust around the room," Booth informed him.  "Suck?  Suck?  Sucking is
not possible," was the inventor's reply and he stormed out.  Booth proved
that it was by the simple expedient of kneeling down, pursing his lips and
sucking the back of an armchair.  "I almost choked," he said afterwards.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for
the human condition is a fool.
		-- Albert Camus
All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.
		-- Grant Wood
The young lady had an unusual list,
Linked in part to a structural weakness.
She set no preconditions.
Come, every frustum longs to be a cone,
And every vector dreams of matrices.
Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze:
It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
A gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on.
		-- Fred Allen
PUNK ROCK!!  DISCO DUCK!!  BIRTH CONTROL!!
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
		-- Ovid (43 B.C. - A.D. 18)
In Ohio, if you ignore an orator on Decoration day to such an extent as
to publicly play croquet or pitch horseshoes within one mile of the
speaker's stand, you can be fined $25.00.
Women aren't as mere as they used to be.
		-- Pogo
And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.
Q:	What's a light-year?
A:	One-third less calories than a regular year.
"Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser."
-- Vince Lombardi, football coach
Deliberation, n.:
	The act of examining one's bread to determine which side it is
	buttered on.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Happiness is the greatest good.
Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
		-- S.C. Johnson
The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad
trying to stop yourself going mad.  You might just as well give in and
save your sanity for later.
To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D.
		-- B. Duggan
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equpped with 18,000 vaccuum tubes and
weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes
and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
		-- Popular Mechanics, March 1949
Viking, n.:
	1. Daring Scandinavian seafarers, explorers, adventurers,
	entrepreneurs world-famous for their aggressive, nautical import
	business, highly leveraged takeovers and blue eyes.
	2. Bloodthirsty sea pirates who ravaged northern Europe beginning
	in the 9th century.

Hagar's note: The first definition is much preferred; the second is used
only by malcontents, the envious, and disgruntled owners of waterfront
property.
A hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet never.
A new 'chutist had just jumped from the plane at 10,000 feet, and soon
discovered that all his lines were hopelessly tangled.  At about 5,000 feet,
still struggling, he noticed someone coming up from the ground at about the
same speed as he was going towards the ground.  As they passed each other at
3,000 feet, the 'chutist yells, "HEY! DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT PARACHUTES?"
	The reply came, fading towards the end, "NO!  DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT COLEMAN STOVES?"
Where's the man could ease a heart like a satin gown?
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Satin Dress"
Etymology, n.:
	Some early etymological scholars came up with derivations that
	were hard for the public to believe.  The term "etymology" was formed
	from the Latin "etus" ("eaten"), the root "mal" ("bad"), and "logy"
	("study of").  It meant "the study of things that are hard to swallow."
		-- Mike Kellen
It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
		-- Michael Arlen
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
		-- F.M. Hubbard
The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance
of the woman.
		-- Honor'e DeBalzac
District of Columbia pedestrians who leap over passing autos to escape
injury, and then strike the car as they come down, are liable for any
damage inflicted on the vehicle.
Charlie was a chemist,
But Charlie is no more.
For what he thought was H2O,
Was H2SO4.
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
The sooner all the animals are extinct, the sooner we'll find their money.
- Ed Bluestone
Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
I heard a definition of an intellectual, that I thought was very interesting:
a man who takes more words than are necessary to tell more than he knows.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
New York... when civilization falls apart, remember, we were way ahead of you.
- David Letterman
Speak roughly to your little VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
It knows that one cannot relax
	Because the paging thrashes!
	Wow!  Wow!  Wow!

I speak severely to my VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
In spite of all my favorite hacks
	My jobs it always thrashes!
	Wow!  Wow!  Wow!
Dinner suggestion #302 (Hacker's De-lite):
	1 tin imported Brisling sardines in tomato sauce
	1 pouch Chocolate Malt Carnation Instant Breakfast
	1 carton milk
The more they over-think the plumbing the easier it is to stop up the drain.
Hoaars-Faisse Gallery presents:
An exhibit of works by the artist known only as Pretzel.

The exhibit includes several large conceptual works using non-traditional
media and found objects including old sofa-beds, used mace canisters,
discarded sanitary napkins and parts of freeways.  The artist explores
our dehumanization due to high technology and unresponsive governmental
structures in a post-industrial world.  She/he (the artist prefers to
remain without gender) strives to create dialogue between viewer and
creator, to aid us in our quest to experience contemporary life with its
inner-city tensions, homelessness, global warming and gender and
class-based stress.  The works are arranged to lead us to the essence of
the argument: that the alienation of the person/machine boundary has
sapped the strength of our voices and must be destroyed for society to
exist in a more fundamental sense.
Nirvana?  That's the place where the powers that be and their friends hang out.
		-- Zonker Harris
And furthermore, my bowling average is unimpeachable!!!
RULES OF EATING -- THE BRONX DIETER'S CREED
	(1)  Never eat on an empty stomach.
	(2)  Never leave the table hungry.
	(3)  When traveling, never leave a country hungry.
	(4)  Enjoy your food.
	(5)  Enjoy your companion's food.
	(6)  Really taste your food.  It may take several portions to
	     accomplish this, especially if subtly seasoned.
	(7)  Really feel your food.  Texture is important.  Compare,
	     for example, the texture of a turnip to that of a
	     brownie.  Which feels better against your cheeks?
	(8)  Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal.
	(9)  Don't feel you must finish everything on your plate.  You
	     can always eat it later.
	(10) Avoid any wine with a childproof cap.
	(11) Avoid blue food.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"
Satire is tragedy plus time.
		-- Lenny Bruce
Marriage is a three ring circus: engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
		-- Roger Price
"I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously."
- Doctor Graper
Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
		-- P.J. Plauger
"Joy is wealth and love is the legal tender of the soul."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
		-- Abbie Hoffman
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference
between a mermaid and a seal.
		-- Mark Twain
It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer, when you're
stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
		-- Dion, noted computer scientist
Your business will assume vast proportions.
History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.
Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other reason
than self-protection.  We never recommend any of our graduates, although we
cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed their courses.
		-- Jack Vance, "Freitzke's Turn"
Too much is not enough.
Even if we put all these nagging thoughts [four embarrassing questions about
astrology] aside for a moment, one overriding question remains to be asked.
Why would the positions of celestial objects at the moment of birth have an
effect on our characters, lives, or destinies?  What force or influence,
what sort of energy would travel from the planets and stars to all human
beings and affect our development or fate?  No amount of scientific-sounding
jargon or computerized calculations by astrologers can disguise this central
problem with astrology -- we can find no evidence of a mechanism by which
celestial objects can influence us in so specific and personal a way. . . .
Some astrologers argue that there may be a still unknown force that represents
the astrological influence. . . .If so, astrological predictions -- like those
of any scientific field -- should be easily tested. . . . Astrologers always
claim to be just a little too busy to carry out such careful tests of their
efficacy, so in the last two decades scientists and statisticians have
generously done such testing for them.  There have been dozens of well-designed
tests all around the world, and astrology has failed every one of them. . . .
I propose that we let those beckoning lights in the sky awaken our interest
in the real (and fascinating) universe beyond our planet, and not let them
keep us tied to an ancient fantasy left over from a time when we huddled by
the firelight, afraid of the night.
-- Andrew Fraknoi, Executive Officer, Astronomical Society of the Pacific,
    "Why Astrology Believers Should Feel Embarrassed," San Jose Mercury
    News, May 8, 1988
The meek don't want it.
Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other reason
than self-protection.  We never recommend any of our graduates, although we
cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed their courses.
		-- Jack Vance, "Freitzke's Turn"
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more
annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
		-- Oscar Wilde
God created a few perfect heads.  The rest he covered with hair.
Real Programmers don't write in PL/I.  PL/I is for programmers who can't
decide whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.
A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.
Give them RADAR-GUIDED SKEE-BALL LANES and VELVEETA BURRITOS!!
"People should have access to the data which you have about them.  There should
 be a process for them to challenge any inaccuracies."
-- Arthur Miller
Marriage is a ghastly public confession of a strictly private intention.
Be frank and explicit with your lawyer ... it is his business to confuse
the issue afterwards.
The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a
business trip, thought he would pay his boy a suprise visit.  Arriving at the
lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.  After several minutes
of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window,
	"Whaddaya want?"
	"Does Ramsey Duncan live here?" asked the father.
	"Yeah," replied the voice.  "Dump him on the front porch."
Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	ar t "God"
	drink < bottle; opener			(Bourne Shell)
	cat "food in tin cans"			(all but 4.[23]BSD)
	Hey UNIX!  Got a match?			(V6 or C shell)
	mkdir matter; cat > matter		(Bourne Shell)
	rm God
	man: Why did you get a divorce?		(C shell)
	date me					(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	make "heads or tails of all this"
	who is smart
						(C shell)
	If I had a ) for every dollar of the national debt, what would I have?
	sleep with me				(anything up to 4.3BSD)
If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
		-- Bette Davis
Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
		-- G. Blaauw, one of the designers of System 360
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often
picturesque liar."
		-- Mark Twain
QOTD:
	"I used to be lost in the shuffle, now I just shuffle along with
	the lost."
When you said "HEAVILY FORESTED" it reminded me of an overdue CLEANING
BILL ... Don't you SEE?  O'Grogan SWALLOWED a VALUABLE COIN COLLECTION
and HAD to murder the ONLY MAN who KNEW!!
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
Everyone has a purpose in life.  Perhaps yours is watching television.
- David Letterman
	"What was the worst thing you've ever done?"
	"I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that
ever happened to me... the most dreadful thing."
		-- Peter Straub, "Ghost Story"
Join the march to save individuality!
I've already got a female to worry about.  Her name is the Enterprise.
		-- Kirk, "The Corbomite Maneuver", stardate 1514.0
*** NEWS FLASH ***

Archeologists find PDP-11/24 inside brain cavity of fossilized dinosaur
skeleton!  Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive
than DEC admits.  Price adjustments at 11:00.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
HELLO, everybody, I'm a HUMAN!!
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
		-- Minna Antrim, "Naked Truth and Veiled Allusions"
The real man's Bloody Mary:
	Ingredients: vodka, tomato juice, Tobasco, Worcestershire 
	sauce, A-1 steak sauce, ice, salt, pepper, celery.

	Fill a large tumbler with vodka.
	Throw all the other ingredients away.
If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
		-- Marvin Kitman
Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
Two battleships assigned to the training squadron had been at sea on maneuvers
in heavy weather for several days.  I was serving on the lead battleship and
was on watch on the bridge as night fell.  The visibility was poor with patchy
fog, so the Captain remained on the bridge keeping an eye on all activities.
	Shortly after dark, the lookout on the wing of the bridge reported,
"Light, bearing on the starboard bow."
	"Is it steady or moving astern?" the Captain called out.
	Lookout replied, "Steady, Captain," which meant we were on a dangerous
collision course with that ship.
	The Captain then called to the signalman, "Signal that ship: We are on
a collision course, advise you change course 20 degrees."
	Back came a signal "Advisable for you to change course 20 degrees."
	In reply, the Captain said, "Send: I'm a Captain, change course 20
degrees!"
	"I'm a seaman second class," came the reply, "You had better change
course 20 degrees."
	By that time, the Captain was furious. He spit out, "Send: I'm a
battleship, change course 20 degrees."
	Back came the flashing light: "I'm a lighthouse!"
	We changed course.
		-- The Naval Institute's "Proceedings"
DOS Air:
All the passengers go out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it
until it gets in the air, hop on, jump off when it hits the ground again.
Then they grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, et
cetera.
Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
		-- Michel de Montaigne
You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
		-- J. D. Salinger
"I'm a mean green mother from outer space"
 -- Audrey II, The Little Shop of Horrors
I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person, of
pre-Adamite ancestral descent.  You will understand this when I tell you
that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial atomic
globule.  Consequently, my family pride is something inconceivable.  I
can't help it.  I was born sneering.
		-- Pooh-Bah, "The Mikado"
An infallible method of conciliating a tiger is to allow oneself to be
devoured.
		-- Konrad Adenauer
File cabinet:
	A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.
	"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?"
asked the father of his little son.
	"Diet."
I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
		-- George Gobel
I think that all good, right thinking people in this country are sick and
tired of being told that all good, right thinking people in this country are
fed up with being told that all good, right thinking people in this country
are fed up with being sick and tired.  I'm certainly not, and I'm sick and
tired of being told that I am!
		-- Monty Python
Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.
To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
	"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?"
asked the father of his little son.
	"Diet."
Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Genji
I just thought of something funny...your mother.
- Cheech Marin
This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a
little ironic since we may not have one.
		-- Arthur Clarke
Ogden's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
"Every morning, I get up and look through the 'Forbes' list of the
richest people in America.  If I'm not there, I go to work"
		-- Robert Orben
Dieters live life in the fasting lane.
Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III
Felson's Law:
	To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from
	many is research.
"Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and 
those inside desperate to get out."
-- Montaigne
Last night the power went out.  Good thing my camera had a flash....
The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
		-- Steven Wright
"We learn from history that we learn nothing from history."
-- George Bernard Shaw
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
A freelance is one who gets paid by the word -- per piece or perhaps.
		-- Robert Benchley
Should I do my BOBBIE VINTON medley?
You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting
incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail. Fruitcakes
make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable to find a way to
damage them.  They last forever, largely because nobody ever eats them.  In
fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes they receive and send them back
to the original givers the next year; some fruitcakes have been passed back
and forth for hundreds of years.

The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then pound
some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet.  Be sure to wear safety glasses.
		-- Dave Barry, "Simple, Homespun Gifts"
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
In high school in Brooklyn
I was the baseball manager,
proud as I could be
I chased baseballs,
gathered thrown bats
handed out the towels			Eventually, I bought my own
It was very important work		but it was dark blue while
for a small spastic kid,		the official ones were green
but I was a team member			Nobody ever said anything
When the team got			to me about my blue jacket;
their warm-up jackets			the guys were my friends
I didn't get one			Yet it hurt me all year
Only the regular team			to wear that blue jacket
got these jackets, and			among all those green ones
surely not a manager			Even now, forty years after,
					I still recall that jacket
					and the memory goes on hurting.
		-- Bart Lanier Safford III, "An Obscured Radiance"
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
Please stand for the National Anthem:

	O Canada
	Our home and native land
	True patriot love
	In all thy sons' command
	With glowing hearts we see thee rise
	The true north strong and free
	From far and wide, O Canada
	We stand on guard for thee
	God keep our land glorious and free
	O Canada we stand on guard for thee
	O Canada we stand on guard for thee

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.
L'etat c'est moi.
	[I am the state.]
		-- Louis XIV
I gave up Smoking, Drinking and Sex.  It was the most *__________horrifying* 20
minutes of my life!
You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
		-- E.A. Gilliam
No skis take rocks like rental skis!
It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer, when you're
stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
		-- Dion, noted computer scientist
Gee, I feel kind of LIGHT in the head now, knowing I can't make my
satellite dish PAYMENTS!
Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
		-- Publius Syrus
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big sattelite photo of
the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
 -- Steven Wright
This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with great force.
		-- Dorothy Parker
The study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-elephant biology.
I'D LIKE TO BE BURIED INDIAN-STYLE, where they put you up on a high rack,
above the ground.  That way, you could get hit by meteorites and not even
feel it.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.
African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camelia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiablity, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lilly:			Purity, sweetness
Lilly of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
/*
 * [...] Note that 120 sec is defined in the protocol as the maximum
 * possible RTT.  I guess we'll have to use something other than TCP
 * to talk to the University of Mars.
 * PAWS allows us longer timeouts and large windows, so once implemented
 * ftp to mars will work nicely.
 */
(from /usr/src/linux/net/inet/tcp.c, concerning RTT [retransmission timeout])
I owe, I owe,
It's off to work I go...
Fly me away to the bright side of the moon ...
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
- Kahlil Gibran
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
He who hesitates is last.
nominal egg:
	New Yorkerese for expensive.
He who loses, wins the race,
And parallel lines meet in space.
		-- John Boyd, "Last Starship from Earth"
Bagbiter:
	1. n.; Equipment or program that fails, usually intermittently.  2.
adj.: Failing hardware or software.  "This bagbiting system won't let me get
out of spacewar." Usage: verges on obscenity.  Grammatically separable; one
may speak of "biting the bag".  Synonyms: LOSER, LOSING, CRETINOUS,
BLETCHEROUS, BARFUCIOUS, CHOMPER, CHOMPING.
Why don't you fix your little problem... and light this candle?
		-- Alan Shepherd, the first man into space, Gemini program
The [Ford Foundation] is a large body of money completely surrounded by
people who want some.
		-- Dwight MacDonald
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
		-- Dr. Who
Gray's Law of Programming:
	`_n+1' trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same
	time as `_n' tasks.

Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law:
	`_n+1' trivial tasks take twice as long as `_n' trivial tasks.
scenario, n.:
	An imagined sequence of events that provides the context in
	which a business decision is made.  Scenarios always come in
	sets of three: best case, worst case, and just in case.
Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.
The control of the production of wealth is the control of human life itself.
		-- Hilaire Belloc
Anger kills as surely as the other vices.
If you can't get your work done in the first 24 hours, work nights.
Disillusioned words like bullets bark,
As human gods aim for their mark,
Make everything from toy guns that spark
To flesh-colored christs that glow in the dark.
It's easy to see without looking too far
That not much is really sacred.
		-- Bob Dylan
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Intentions"
Children are unpredictable.  You never know what inconsistency they're
going to catch you in next.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
Every country has the government it deserves.
		-- Joseph De Maistre
I believe that professional wrestling is clean and everything else in
the world is fixed.
		-- Frank Deford, sports writer
"A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging 
their prejudices."
-- William James
"I have a friend who just got back from the Soviet Union, and told me the people
there are hungry for information about the West.  He was asked about many 
things, but I will give you two examples that are very revealing about life in
the Soviet Union.  The first question he was asked was if we had exploding
television sets.  You see, they have a problem with the picture tubes on color
television sets, and many are exploding.  They assumed we must be having 
problems with them too.  The other question he was asked often was why the
CIA had killed Samantha Smith, the little girl who visited the Soviet Union a
few years ago; their propaganda is very effective.
-- Victor Belenko, MiG-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976
   "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 100
A place for everything and everything in its place.
		-- Isabella Mary Beeton, "The Book of Household Management"
 
	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to memory management system services.]
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
	Most of what I really need to know about how to live, and what to do,
and how to be, I learned in kindergarten.  Wisdom was not at the top of the
graduate school mountain but there in the sandbox at nursery school.
	These are the things I learned:  Share everything.  Play fair.  Don't
hit people.  Put things back where you found them.  Clean up your own mess.
Don't take things that aren't yours.   Say you're sorry when you hurt someone.
Wash your hands before you eat.  Flush.  Warm cookies and cold milk are good
for you.  Live a balanced life.  Learn some and think some and draw and paint
and sing and dance and play and work some every day.
	Take a nap every afternoon.  When you go out into the world, watch for
traffic, hold hands, and stick together.  Be aware of wonder.  Remember the
little seed in the plastic cup.   The roots go down and the plant goes up and
nobody really knows how or why, but we are all like that.  Goldfish and
hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in the plastic cup -- they all
die.  So do we.
	And then remember the book about Dick and Jane and the first word you
learned, the biggest word of all: LOOK.  Everything you need to know is in
there somewhere.  The Golden Rule and love and basic sanitation.  Ecology and
politics and sane living.
	Think of what a better world it would be if we all -- the whole world
-- had cookies and milk about 3 o'clock every afternoon and then lay down with
our blankets for a nap.  Or if we had a basic policy in our nation and other
nations to always put things back where we found them and cleaned up our own
messes.  And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into
the world it is best to hold hands and stick together.
		-- Robert Fulghum, "All I ever really needed to know I learned
		   in kindergarten"
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.  There might be a
law against it by that time.
I stick my neck out for nobody.
		-- Humphrey Bogart, "Casablanca"
A tautology is a thing which is tautological.
"Besides, I think [Slackware] sounds better than 'Microsoft,' don't you?"
(By Patrick Volkerding)
You're never too old to become younger.
		-- Mae West
	The Martian landed his saucer in Manhattan, and immediately upon 
emerging was approached by a panhandler.  "Mister," said the man, "can I 
have a quarter?"
	The Martian asked, "What's a quarter?"
	The panhandler thought a minute, brightened, then said, "You're 
right!  Can I have a dollar?"
If a thing's worth having, it's worth cheating for.
		-- W.C. Fields
We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon
There are only two things in this world that I am sure of, death and
taxes, and we just might do something about death one of these days.
		-- shades
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[173.15b]:
	"When competing for a section of road or a parking space, remember
        that the vehicle in need of the most body work has the right-of-way."

[141.2a]:
       "Although it is altogether possible to fit a 6' car into a 6'
        parking space, it is hardly ever possible to fit a 6' car into
        a 5' parking space."

[105.31]:
       "Teenage drivers believe that they are immortal, and drive accordingly.
        Nevertheless, you should avoid the temptation to prove them wrong."
A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program
in than some that do.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie
This is the Baron.  Angel Martin tells me you buy information.  Ok,
meet me at one a.m. behind the bus depot, bring five-hundred dollars
and come alone.  I'm serious!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
Nothing in life is to be feared.  It is only to be understood.
The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe.
		-- Bill Murray
Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
		-- Paul Tillich, German theologian.
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
'Naomi, sex at noon taxes.' I moan.
Never odd or even.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama.
Madam, I'm Adam.
Sit on a potato pan, Otis.
Sit on Otis.
		-- The Mad Palindromist
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Three Midwesterners, a Kansan, a Missourian and an Iowan,
all appearing on a quiz program, were asked to complete this sentence:
"Old MacDonald had a . . ."

	"Old MacDonald had a carburetor," answered the Kansan.
	"Sorry, that's wrong," the game show host said.
	"Old MacDonald had a free brake alignment down at the
		service station," said the Missourian.
	"Wrong."
	"Old MacDonald had a farm," said the Iowan.
	"CORRECT!" shouts the quizmaster.  "Now for $100,000, spell 'farm.'"
	"Easy," said the Iowan. "E-I-E-I-O."
Moe:	Wanna play poker tonight?
Joe:	I can't. It's the kids' night out.
Moe:	So?
Joe:	I gotta stay home with the nurse.
New York-- to that tall skyline I come
Flyin' in from London to your door
New York-- lookin' down on Central Park
Where they say you should not wander after dark.
New York.
		-- Simon and Garfunkle
Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb:
	Never use your thumb for a rule.
	You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention,
with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequilla.
	-- Mitch Ratcliffe
	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #10: SIMPLE

SIMPLE is an acronym for Sheer Idiot's Monopurpose Programming Language
Environment.  This language, developed at the Hanover College for
Technological Misfits, was designed to make it impossible to write code
with errors in it.  The statements are, therefore, confined to BEGIN,
END and STOP.  No matter how you arrange the statements, you can't make
a syntax error.  Programs written in SIMPLE do nothing useful.  Thus
they achieve the results of programs written in other languages without
the tedious, frustrating process of testing and debugging.
I GUESS I'LL NEVER FORGET HER.  And maybe I don't want to.  Her spirit
was wild, like a wild monkey.  Her beauty was like a beautiful horse
being ridden by a wild monkey.  I forget her other qualities.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
XIIdigitation, n.:
	The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made
	by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
QOTD:
	Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch.
Finagle's First Law:
	If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
Are we live or on tape?
Mother told me to be good but she's been wrong before.
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
"Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them
seemed to come from Texas."
- Ian Fleming, "Casino Royale"
"Just Say No."   - Nancy Reagan

"No."            - Ronald Reagan
"When in doubt, print 'em out."
-- Karl's Programming Proverb 0x7
It would seem that evil retreats when forcibly confronted.
		-- Yarnek of Excalbia, "The Savage Curtain", stardate 5906.5
The Great Movie Posters:

The Miracle of the Age!!!  A LION in your lap!  A LOVER in your arms!
		-- Bwana Devil (1952)

OVERWHELMING!  ELECTRIFYING!  BAFFLING!
Fire Can't Burn Them!  Bullets Can't Kill Them!  See the Unfolding of
the Mysteries of the Moon as Murderous Robot Monsters Descend Upon the
Earth!  You've Never Seen Anything Like It!  Neither Has the World!
	SEE... Robots from Space in All Their Glory!!!
		-- Robot Monster (1953)

1,965 pyramids, 5,337 dancing girls, one million swaying bullrushes,
802 scared bulls!
		-- The Egyptian (1954)
At the heart of science is an essential tension between two seemingly
contradictory attitudes -- an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre
or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny
of all ideas, old and new.  This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep
nonsense.  Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the
world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism:  The collective
enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the
field on track.
-- Carl Sagan, "The Fine Art of Baloney Detection," Parade, February 1, 1987
Killing turkeys causes winter.
System/3!  System/3!
See how it runs!  See how it runs!
	Its monitor loses so totally!
	It runs all its programs in RPG!
	It's made by our favorite monopoly!
System/3!
The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.  The acronym "LEO"
represents the secondary theme:

	Law Enforcement Officials

The overall theme of SoupCon shall be:

	Avoiding Communication with Law Enforcement Officials
		-- M. Gallaher
Nick the Greek's Law of Life:
	All things considered, life is 9 to 5 against.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
		-- Sean O'Casey
Immature poets imitate, mature poets steal.
		-- T.S. Eliot, "Philip Massinger"
When you meet a master swordsman,
show him your sword.
When you meet a man who is not a poet,
do not show him your poem.
		-- Rinzai, ninth century Zen master
Twenty Percent of Zero is Better than Nothing.
		-- Walt Kelly
In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken,' and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
		-- E.M. Forster
"...Greg Nowak:  `Another flame from greg' - need I say more?"
-- Jonathan D. Trudel, trudel@caip.rutgers.edu

"No.  You need to say less."
-- Richard Sexton, richard@gryphon.COM
So much food; so little time!
The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out. It was
replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life more
advanced than the lichen family.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working
when he's staring out the window.
The question of whether computers can think is just like the question of
whether submarines can swim.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra
We know next to nothing about virtually everything.  It is not necessary
to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know.
Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition
to crave knowledge.
		-- George Will
Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"
When you overesteem great hackers,
more users become cretins.
When you develop encryption,
more users become crackers.

The Guru leads
by emptying user's minds
and increasing their quotas,
by weakening their ambition
and toughening their resolve.
When users lack knowledge and desire,
management will not try to interfere.

Practice not-looping,
and everything will fall into place.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
SHHHH!!  I hear SIX TATTOOED TRUCK-DRIVERS tossing ENGINE BLOCKS into
empty OIL DRUMS ...
Rome wasn't burnt in a day.
There are only two things in this world that I am sure of, death and
taxes, and we just might do something about death one of these days.
		-- shades
God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to
change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.
The trouble with the rat-race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
		-- Lily Tomlin
No spitting on the Bus!
Thank you, The Mgt.
The difference between art and science is that science is what we
understand well enough to explain to a computer.  Art is everything else.
		-- Donald Knuth, "Discover"
"You're a creature of the night, Michael.  Wait'll Mom hears about this."
-- from the movie "The Lost Boys"
"Take that, you hostile sons-of-bitches!"
-- James Coburn, in the finale of _The_President's_Analyst_
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
	"When you wake up in the morning, Pooh," said Piglet at last,
"what's the first thing you say to yourself?"
	"What's for breakfast?" said Pooh.  "What do you say, Piglet?"
	"I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting today?" said Piglet.
	Pooh nodded thoughtfully.  "It's the same thing," he said.
	"I keep seeing spots in front of my eyes."
	"Did you ever see a doctor?"
	"No, just spots."
"A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch
dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension."
-- Mandelbrot, _The Fractal Geometry of Nature_
The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
Beauty:
	What's in your eye when you have a bee in your hand.
After this was written there appeared a remarkable posthumous memoir that
throws some doubt on Millikan's leading role in these experiments.  Harvey
Fletcher (1884-1981), who was a graduate student at the University of Chicago,
at Millikan's suggestion worked on the measurement of electronic charge for
his doctoral thesis, and co-authored some of the early papers on this subject
with Millikan.  Fletcher left a manuscript with a friend with instructions
that it be published after his death; the manuscript was published in
Physics Today, June 1982, page 43.  In it, Fletcher claims that he was the
first to do the experiment with oil drops, was the first to measure charges on
single droplets, and may have been the first to suggest the use of oil.
According to Fletcher, he had expected to be co-authored with Millikan on
the crucial first article announcing the measurement of the electronic
charge, but was talked out of this by Millikan.
		-- Steven Weinberg, "The Discovery of Subatomic Particles"

Robert Millikan is generally credited with making the first really
precise measurement of the charge on an electron and was awarded the 
Nobel Prize in 1923.
What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly --
that is the first law of nature.
- Voltaire
"Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par."
-- Dave Mack (mack@inco.UUCP)

"Yours is."
-- Allen Gwinn (allen@sulaco.sigma.com), in alt.flame
For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
Are we THERE yet?
Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write.
		-- Trollope
Excerpt from a conversation between a customer support person and a
customer working for a well-known military-affiliated research lab:

Support:  "You're not our only customer, you know."
Customer: "But we're one of the few with tactical nuclear weapons."
Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
		-- Elbert Hubbard
If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.
What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's
enemies.  Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking
out of him.
		-- Brian O'Nolan, "The Best of Myles"
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness.
		-- Ursula K. LeGuin, "The Dispossessed"
No house should ever be on any hill or on anything.  It should be of the hill,
belonging to it.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down.
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, Jack Frost nipping at your nose?
Norm:  Yep, now let's get Joe Beer nipping at my liver, huh?
		-- Cheers, Feeble Attraction

Sam:  What are you up to Norm?
Norm: My ideal weight if I were eleven feet tall.
		-- Cheers, Bar Wars III: The Return of Tecumseh

Woody: Nice cold beer coming up, Mr. Peterson.
Norm:  You mean, `Nice cold beer going *down* Mr. Peterson.'
		-- Cheers, Loverboyd
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
Man is a military animal, glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
		-- P.J. Bailey
Benny Hill:	Would you like a peanut?
Girl:		No, thank you, I don't want to be under obligation.
Benny Hill:	You won't be under obligation for a peanut.  
		It's not as if it were a chocolate bar or something.
Lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar.
		-- S.J. Perelman
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
		-- Addison H. Hallock
Death, when unnecessary, is a tragic thing.
		-- Flint, "Requiem for Methuselah", stardate 5843.7
We place two copies of PEOPLE magazine in a DARK, HUMID mobile home.
45 minutes later CYNDI LAUPER emerges wearing a BIRD CAGE on her head!
"For that matter, compare your pocket computer with the massive jobs of
a thousand years ago.  Why not, then, the last step of doing away with
computers altogether?"
		-- Jehan Shuman
Coward, n.:
	One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Chivalry, Schmivalry!
	Roger the thief has a
	method he uses for
	sneaky attacks:
Folks who are reading are
	Characteristically
	Always Forgetting to
	Guard their own bac ...
Have an adequate day.
Rudin's Law:
	If there is a wrong way to do something, most people will
	do it every time.

Rudin's Second Law:
	In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative
	courses of action, people tend to choose the worst possible
	course.
Never eat anything bigger than your head.
One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.
Old soldiers never die.  Young ones do.
Everybody gets free BORSCHT!
			Chapter 1

The story so far:

	In the beginning the Universe was created.  This has made a lot
of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
		-- Douglas Adams?
Did YOU find a DIGITAL WATCH in YOUR box of VELVEETA?
It's useless to try to hold some people to anything they say while they're
madly in love, drunk, or running for office.
The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes
the worst cigars.
		-- H. L. Mencken
I prefer the most unjust peace to the most righteous war.
		-- Cicero

Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
		-- Poor Richard
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
All programmers are optimists.  Perhaps this modern sorcery especially attracts
those who believe in happy endings and fairy godmothers.  Perhaps the hundreds
of nitty frustrations drive away all but those who habitually focus on the end
goal.  Perhaps it is merely that computers are young, programmers are younger,
and the young are always optimists.  But however the selection process works,
the result is indisputable:  "This time it will surely run," or "I just found
the last bug."
		-- Frederick Brooks, "The Mythical Man Month"
Whoever dies with the most toys wins.
Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be
done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
		-- E. Hubbard
"A power so great, it can only be used for Good or Evil!"
		-- Firesign Theatre, "The Giant Rat of Summatra"
If your aim in life is nothing, you can't miss.
There is no TRUTH.  There is no REALITY.  There is no CONSISTENCY.
There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS.   I'm very probably wrong.
It is better to live rich than to die rich.
		-- Samuel Johnson
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.
Never eat more than you can lift.
		-- Miss Piggy
Prof:    So the American government went to IBM to come up with a data
	 encryption standard and they came up with ...
Student: EBCDIC!"
Lee's Law:
	Mother said there would be days like this,
	but she never said that there'd be so many!
I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.
... But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand.  Human
intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as
we can tell.  If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues
that now seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding
of their world, not in their distorted perceptions.  Even the standard
example of ancient nonsense -- the debate about angels on pinheads --
makes sense once you realize that theologians were not discussing
whether five or eighteen would fit, but whether a pin could house a
finite or an infinite number.
		-- S. J. Gould, "Wide Hats and Narrow Minds"
So do the noble fall.  For they are ever caught in a trap of their own making.
A trap -- walled by duty, and locked by reality.  Against the greater force
they must fall -- for, against that force they fight because of duty, because
of obligations.  And when the noble fall, the base remain.  The base -- whose
only purpose is the corruption of what the noble did protect.  Whose only
purpose is to destroy.  The noble: who, even when fallen, retain a vestige of
strength.  For theirs is a strength born of things other than mere force.
Theirs is a strength supreme... theirs is the strength -- to restore.
		-- Gerry Conway, "Thor", #193
Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have
learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
		-- W.S. Krabill
FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #5

	"And, and, and, and, but, but, but, but!"
		-- Mrs. Janice Markowsky, April 8, 1965
The entire CHINESE WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL TEAM all share ONE personality --
and have since BIRTH!!
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
Usage: fortune -P [] -a [xsz] [Q: [file]] [rKe9] -v6[+] dataspec ... inputdir
Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his 
barstool and lay motionless on the floor.
	"One thing about Jim," the other said to the bartender, "he sure
knows when to stop."
"It's not just a computer -- it's your ass."
-- Cal Keegan
Things are not always what they seem.
		-- Phaedrus
If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us with alarm clocks.
Seeing is believing.  You wouldn't have seen it if you hadn't believed it.
I like young girls.  Their stories are shorter.
		-- Tom McGuane
For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!
Don't drink when you drive -- you might hit a bump and spill it.
Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.
I knew Leo G. Carrol
Was over a barrel
When Tarantula took to the hills.	["Lick it!"]
And I really got hot
When I saw Jeanette Scott
Fight a triffid that spits poison and kills.

Science fiction, double feature
Doctor X will build a creature.
See androids fighting Brad and Janet
Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh
At the late night, double feature, picture show.
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show
"We want to create puppets that pull their own strings."
-- Ann Marion

"Would this make them Marionettes?"
-- Jeff Daiell
Don't let go of what you've got hold of, until you have hold of something else.
		-- First Rule of Wing Walking
System going down in 5 minutes.
Hideously disfigured by an ancient Indian curse?

		WE CAN HELP!

Call (511) 338-0959 for an immediate appointment.
Tourists -- have some fun with New York's hard-boiled cabbies.  When you
get to your destination, say to your driver, "Pay?  I was hitch-hiking."
		-- David Letterman
Finagle's Third Law:
	In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
	beyond all need of checking, is the mistake

Corollaries:
	(1) Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
	(2) The first person who stops by, whose advice you really
	    don't want to hear, will see it immediately.
In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year
with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
We are stronger than our skin of flesh and metal, for we carry and share a
spectrum of suns and lands that lends us legends as we craft our immortality
and interweave our destinies of water and air, leaving shadows that gather
color of their own, until they outshine the substance that cast them.
Advertising Rule:
	In writing a patent-medicine advertisement, first convince the
	reader that he has the disease he is reading about; secondly, 
	that it is curable.
I share the belief of many of my contemporaries that the spiritual crisis
pervading all spheres of Western industrial society can be remedied only 
by a change in our world view.  We shall have to shift from the materialistic,
dualistic belief that people and their environment are separate, toward a
new conciousness of an all-encompassing reality, which embraces the 
experiencing ego, a reality in which people feel their oneness with animate 
nature and all of creation.
- Dr. Albert Hoffman
I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to
any question.
		-- Spock, "This Side of Paradise", stardate 3417.3
The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Through the Looking Glass"
Intel engineering seem to have misheard Intel marketing strategy. The phrase
was "Divide and conquer" not "Divide and cock up"
(By iialan@www.linux.org.uk, Alan Cox)
Lost interest?  It's so bad I've lost apathy.
	My dear People.
	My dear Bagginses and Boffins, and my dear Tooks and Brandybucks,
and Grubbs, and Chubbs, and Burrowses, and Hornblowers, and Bolgers,
Bracegirdles, Goodbodies, Brockhouses and Proudfoots.  Also my good
Sackville Bagginses that I welcome back at last to Bag End.  Today is my
one hundred and eleventh birthday: I am eleventy-one today!"
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.
A mouse is an elephant built by the Japanese.
Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
		-- Camus
If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.
It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
		-- Garfield
Bachelor:
	A man who chases women and never Mrs. one.
The meek shall inherit the Earth.  (But they're gonna have to fight for it.)
Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.
"The fundamental principle of science, the definition almost, is this: the
sole test of the validity of any idea is experiment."
-- Richard P. Feynman
Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two points.
		-- M. M. Johnston
1 Billion dollars of budget deficit		= 1 Gramm-Rudman
6.023 x 10 to the 23rd power alligator pears	= Avocado's number
2 pints						= 1 Cavort
Basic unit of Laryngitis			= The Hoarsepower
Shortest distance between two jokes		= A straight line
6 Curses					= 1 Hexahex
3500 Calories					= 1 Food Pound
1 Mole						= 007 Secret Agents
1 Mole						= 25 Cagey Bees
1 Dog Pound					= 16 oz. of Alpo
1000 beers served at a Twins game		= 1 Killibrew
2.4 statute miles of surgical tubing at Yale U. = 1 I.V.League
2000 pounds of chinese soup			= 1 Won Ton
10 to the minus 6th power mouthwashes		= 1 Microscope
Speed of a tortoise breaking the sound barrier	= 1 Machturtle
8 Catfish					= 1 Octo-puss
365 Days of drinking Lo-Cal beer.		= 1 Lite-year
16.5 feet in the Twilight Zone			= 1 Rod Serling
Force needed to accelerate 2.2lbs of cookies	= 1 Fig-newton
	to 1 meter per second
One half large intestine			= 1 Semicolon
10 to the minus 6th power Movie			= 1 Microfilm
1000 pains					= 1 Megahertz
1 Word						= 1 Millipicture
1 Sagan						= Billions & Billions
1 Angstrom: measure of computer anxiety		= 1000 nail-bytes
10 to the 12th power microphones		= 1 Megaphone
10 to the 6th power Bicycles			= 2 megacycles
The amount of beauty required launch 1 ship	= 1 Millihelen
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
		-- Paul Gauguin
mummy, n.:
	An Egyptian who was pressed for time.
Blame Saint Andreas -- it's all his fault.
Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of
	    Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you?
Supervisee: Yes.
		-- Overheard at a supervision.
The SAME WAVE keeps coming in and COLLAPSING like a rayon MUU-MUU ...
I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
		-- K. Coates
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
		-- Maurice Chapelain, "Main courante"
This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his mother's
side.  I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry often have little
else to sustain them.  Humoring them costs nothing and adds happiness in
a world in which happiness is always in short supply.
		-- Lazarus Long
Be warned that typing \fBkillall \fIname\fP may not have the desired
effect on non-Linux systems, especially when done by a privileged user.
(From the killall manual page)
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
Everyone *knows* cats are on a higher level of existence.  These silly humans
are just to big-headed to admit their inferiority.
	Just think what a nicer world this would be if it were controlled by
cats.
	You wouldn't see cats having waste disposal problems.
	They're neat.
	They don't have sexual hangups.  A cat gets horny, it does something
about it.
	They keep reasonable hours.  You *never* see a cat up before noon.
	They know how to relax.  Ever heard of a cat with an ulcer?  
	What are the chances of a cat starting a nuclear war?  Pretty neglible.
It's not that they can't, they just know that there are much better things to
do with ones time.  Like lie in the sun and sleep.  Or go exploring the world.
Gray's Law of Programming:
	`_n+1' trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same
	time as `_n' tasks.

Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law:
	`_n+1' trivial tasks take twice as long as `_n' trivial tasks.
I am a bookaholic.  If you are a decent person, you will not sell me
another book.
If an average person on the subway turns to you, like an ancient mariner,
and starts telling you her tale, you turn away or nod and hope she stops,
not just because you fear she might be crazy.  If she tells her tale on
camera, you might listen.  Watching strangers on television , even
responding to them from a studio audience, we're disengaged -- voyeurs
collaborating with exhibitionists in rituals of sham community.  Never
have so many known so much about people for whom they cared so little.
		-- Wendy Kaminer commenting on testimonial television
		   in "I'm Dysfunctional, You're Dysfunctional".
Emotions are alien to me.  I'm a scientist.
		-- Spock, "This Side of Paradise", stardate 3417.3
Bradley's Bromide:
	If computers get too powerful, we can organize
	them into a committee -- that will do them in.
For those of you who have been unfortunate enough to never have tasted the
'Great Chieftain O' the Pudden Race' (i.e. haggis) here is an easy to follow
recipe which results in a dish remarkably similar to the above mentioned
protected species.
	Ingredients:
	  1 Sheep's Pluck (heart, lungs, liver) and bag
	  2 teacupsful toasted oatmeal
	  1 teaspoonful salt
	  8 oz. shredded suet
	  2 small onions
	1/2 teaspoonful black pepper
    
	Scrape and clean bag in cold, then warm, water.  Soak in salt water
overnight.  Wash pluck, then boil for 2 hours with windpipe draining over
the side of pot.  Retain 1 pint of stock.  Cut off windpipe, remove surplus
gristle, chop or mince heart and lungs, and grate best part of liver (about
half only).  Parboil and chop onions, mix all together with oatmeal, suet,
salt, pepper and stock to moisten.  Pack the mixture into bag, allowing for
swelling.  Boil for three hours, pricking regularly all over.  If bag not
available, steam in greased basin covered by greaseproof paper and cloth for
four to five hours.
Mystics always hope that science will some day overtake them.
		-- Booth Tarkington
Just because he's dead is no reason to lay off work.
Brooke's Law:
	Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool
	discovers something which either abolishes the system or
	expands it beyond recognition.
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh
Life is a grand adventure -- or it is nothing.
		-- Helen Keller
Should I get locked in the PRINCICAL'S OFFICE today -- or have a VASECTOMY??
My My, hey hey
Rock and roll is here to stay	The king is gone but he's not forgotten
It's better to burn out		This is the story of a Johnny Rotten
Than to fade away		It's better to burn out than it is to rust
My my, hey hey			The king is gone but he's not forgotten

It's out of the blue and into the black		Hey hey, my my
They give you this, but you pay for that	Rock and roll can never die
And once you're gone you can never come back	There's more to the picture
When you're out of the blue			Than meets the eye
And into the black
		-- Neil Young
		"My My, Hey Hey (Out of the Blue), Rust Never Sleeps"
Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
		-- P.E. Trudeau
Our problems are so serious that the best way to talk about them is
lightheartedly.
The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.  Nowhere
in the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths,
Doctrines, and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in
Christianity.
- John Adams
A penny saved is a penny taxed.
Beer -- it's not just for breakfast anymore.
Life is too short to be taken seriously.
		-- Oscar Wilde
#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define  BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word
Dear Emily:
	I saw a long article that I wish to rebut carefully, what should
I do?
		-- Angry

Dear Angry:
	Include the entire text with your article, and include your comments
between the lines.  Be sure to post, and not mail, even though your article
looks like a reply to the original.  Everybody *loves* to read those long
point-by-point debates, especially when they evolve into name-calling and
lots of "Is too!" -- "Is not!" -- "Is too, twizot!" exchanges.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
It is imperative when flying coach that you restrain any tendency toward
the vividly imaginative.  For although it may momentarily appear to be the
case, it is not at all likely that the cabin is entirely inhabited by
crying babies smoking inexpensive domestic cigars.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
"...if the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust,
 this would be a better world."  - Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"
TONY RANDALL!  Is YOUR life a PATIO of FUN??
Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgement.
Natural selection won't matter soon, not anywhere as much as concious selection.
We will civilize and alter ourselves to suit our ideas of what we can be.
Within one more human lifespan, we will have changed ourselves unrecognizably.
-- Greg Bear
I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.
Murray's Rule:
	Any country with "democratic" in the title isn't.
In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but
the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they
have obtained from books of travel.
		-- Mark Twain
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
		-- W.C. Fields
Watch all-night Donna Reed reruns until your mind resembles oatmeal.
Bing's Rule:
	Don't try to stem the tide -- move the beach.
One may be able to quibble about the quality of a single experiment, or
about the veracity of a given experimenter, but, taking all the supportive
experiments together, the weight of evidence is so strong as readily to
merit a wise man's reflection.
- Professor William Tiller, parapsychologist, Standford University,
  commenting on psi research
The sooner you make your first 5000 mistakes, the sooner you will be
able to correct them.
		-- Nicolaides
The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.
One person's error is another person's data.
It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that
English is the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many
other languages "You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris
He who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth.
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade
themselves that they have a better idea.
		-- John Ciardi
Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.  Bozos are people who band
together for fun and profit.  They have no jobs.  Anybody who goes on a
tour is a Bozo. Why does a Bozo cross the street?  Because there's a Bozo
on the other side. It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.  The archetype is an Irish drunk
clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.  Fields, William Bendix.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.  It has Oz in it.  They mean
well.  They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.  They
like their comforts.  The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time,
which is all the time.
		-- Firesign Theatre, "If Bees Lived Inside Your Head"
When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.
All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard,
ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
		-- Kingfish
The fashionable drawing rooms of London have always been happy to accept
outsiders -- if only on their own, albeit undemanding terms.  That is to
say, artists, so long as they are not too talented, men of humble birth,
so long as they have since amassed several million pounds, and socialists
so long as they are Tories.
		-- Christopher Booker
Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
Roumanian-Yiddish cooking has killed more Jews than Hitler.
		-- Zero Mostel
If some day we are defeated, well, war has its fortunes, good and bad.
		-- Commander Kor, "Errand of Mercy", stardate 3201.7
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
		-- Steven Wright
"...Local prohibitions cannot block advances in military and commercial
 technology... Democratic movements for local restraint can only restrain
 the world's democracies, not the world as a whole."
-- K. Eric Drexler
Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.  It knows it must run faster
than the fastest lion or it will be killed.  Every morning a lion wakes up.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes
up, you'd better be running.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.	"Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
All mimsy were the borogroves		The jaws that bite, the claws
And the mome raths outgrabe.			that catch!
					Beware the Jubjub bird,
He took his vorpal sword in hand	And shun the frumious Bandersnatch!"
Long time the manxome foe he sought.
So rested he by the tumtum tree		And as in uffish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberwock, with eyes aflame
					Came whuffling through the tulgey wood
One! Two! One! Two!  And through and	And burbled as it came!
	through
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack.	"Hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
He left it dead, and took its head,	Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
And went galumphing back.		Oh frabjous day!  Calooh!  Callay!"
					He chortled in his joy.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.
All mimsy were the borogroves
And the mome raths outgrabe.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Jabberwocky"
Ummm, well, OK.  The network's the network, the computer's the computer.
Sorry for the confusion.
		-- Sun Microsystems
Ritchie's Rule:
	(1) Everything has some value -- if you use the right currency.
	(2) Paint splashes last longer than the paint job.
	(3) Search and ye shall find -- but make sure it was lost.
One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer
terror.
		-- W.K. Hartmann
Keep in mind always the four constant Laws of Frisbee:
	(1) The most powerful force in the world is that of a disc
	   straining to land under a car, just out of reach (this
	   force is technically termed "car suck").
	(2) Never precede any maneuver by a comment more predictive
	   than "Watch this!"
	(3) The probability of a Frisbee hitting something is directly
	   proportional to the cost of hitting it.  For instance, a
	   Frisbee will always head directly towards a policeman or
	   a little old lady rather than the beat up Chevy.
	(4) Your best throw happens when no one is watching; when the
	   cute girl you've been trying to impress is watching, the
	   Frisbee will invariably bounce out of your hand or hit you
	   in the head and knock you silly.
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
		-- Lenny Bruce
Yevtushenko has... an ego that can crack crystal at a distance of twenty feet.
		-- John Cheever
When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that
you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
		-- Otto Von Bismarck
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
Do you think your mother and I should have lived comfortably so long
together if ever we had been married?
The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"
Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.
The good die young -- because they see it's no use living if you've got
to be good.
		-- John Barrymore
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard
Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay.
Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
		-- Oscar Hammerstein II
Q:	What do you call the money you pay to the government when
	you ride into the country on the back of an elephant?
A:	A howdah duty.
	"I think they're going to take all this money that we spend now on war
and death --"
	"And make them spend it on life."
		-- Edith Keeler and Kirk, "The City on the Edge of Forever",
		   stardate unknown.
	My message is not that biological determinists were bad scientists or
even that they were always wrong.  Rather, I believe that science must be
understood as a social phenomenon, a gutsy, human enterprise, not the work of
robots programmed to collect pure information.  I also present this view as
an upbeat for science, not as a gloomy epitaph for a noble hope sacrificed on
the alter of human limitations.
	I believe that a factual reality exists and that science, though often
in an obtuse and erratic manner, can learn about it.  Galileo was not shown
the instruments of torture in an abstract debate about lunar motion.  He had
threatened the Church's conventional argument for social and doctrinal
stability:  the static world order with planets circling about a central
earth, priests subordinate to the Pope and serfs to their lord.  But the
Church soon made its peace with Galileo's cosmology.  They had no choice; the
earth really does revolve about the sun.
		-- S.J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"
The person who's taking you to lunch has no intention of paying.
Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
		-- Dr. Kasi Ananthanarayanan
THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time
to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the floor.

"Sorry," he said with a smile.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
linux: because a PC is a terrible thing to waste
(ksh@cis.ufl.edu put this on Tshirts in '93)
There is one difference between a tax collector and a taxidermist --
the taxidermist leaves the hide.
		-- Mortimer Caplan
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#5

Trust:
	The average woman would really like to be told if her mate is fooling
around behind her back.  This same woman wouldn't tell her best friend if
she knew the best friends' mate was having an affair.  She'll tell all her
OTHER friends, however.  The average man won't say anything if he knows that
one of his friend's mates is fooling around, and he'd rather not know if
his mate is having an affair either, out of fear that it might be with one
of his friends.  He will tell all his friends about his own affairs, though,
so they can be ready if he needs an alibi.

Driving:
	A typical man thinks he's Mario Andretti as soon as he slips behind
the wheel of his car.  The fact that it's an 8-year-old Honda doesn't keep
him from trying to out-accelerate the guy in the Porsche who's attempting
to cut him off; freeway on-ramps are exciting challenges to see who has The
Right Stuff on the morning commute.  Does he or doesn't he?  Only his body
shop knows for sure.  Insurance companies understand this behavior, and
price their policies accordingly.
	A woman will slow down to let a car merge in front of her, and get
rear-ended by another woman who was busy adding the finishing touches to
her makeup.
It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students
that have had prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are
mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
	A crow perched himself on a telephone wire.  He was going to make a
long-distance caw.
Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human.  At best he
is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe and not
make messes in the house.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
- Voltaire
Lady Nancy Astor:
	"Winston, if you were my husband, I'd put poison in your coffee."
Winston Churchill:
	"Nancy, if you were my wife, I'd drink it."
This was the ultimate form of ostentation among technology freaks -- to have
a system so complete and sophisticated that nothing showed; no machines,
no wires, no controls.
- Michael Swanwick, "Vacuum Flowers"
Kaufman's Law:
	A policy is a restrictive document to prevent a recurrence
	of a single incident, in which that incident is never mentioned.
Corruption is not the #1 priority of the Police Commissioner.  His job
is to enforce the law and fight crime.
		-- P.B.A. President E. J. Kiernan
Q:	What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
A:	The very best person they can possibly be.
U:	There's a U -- a Unicorn!
	Run right up and rub its horn.
	Look at all those points you're losing!
	UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC
If you don't strike oil in twenty minutes, stop boring.
		-- Andrew Carnegie, on public speaking
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to
cringe.
Go 'way!  You're bothering me!
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen to you.
You can't evaluate a man by logic alone.
		-- McCoy, "I, Mudd", stardate 4513.3
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
Egotism, n:
	Doing the New York Times crossword puzzle with a pen.

Egotist, n:
	A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
... the MYSTERIANS are in here with my CORDUROY SOAP DISH!!
If you put it off long enough, it might go away.
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
All phone calls are obscene.
		-- Karen Elizabeth Gordon
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and
fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are
drifting side by side to our common doom.
- Clarence Darrow
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter
If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from
many it's research.
		-- Wilson Mizner
Quantum Mechanics is a lovely introduction to Hilbert Spaces!
		-- Overheard at last year's Archimedeans' Garden Party
Labor, n.:
	One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
If you float on instinct alone, how can you calculate the buoyancy for
the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams
It is not enough to have great qualities, we should also have the
management of them.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
Bachelor:
	A man who chases women and never Mrs. one.
The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and to
watch someone else doing it wrong, without commenting.
		-- T.H. White
I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park
there's nothing else to do.
		-- Lenny Bruce
You're at Witt's End.
God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!
One of the most overlooked advantages to computers is...  If they do
foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.
		-- Joe Martin
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb ?

Seven:  One to install the new bulb, and six to determine what to do
        with the old one for the next 10,000 years.
Ain't nothin' an old man can do for me but bring me a message from a young man.
		-- Moms Mabley
"So why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here."
  -- Biff in "Back to the Future"
Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
		-- Lao Tsu
Worst Month of 1981 for Downhill Skiing:
	August.  The lift lines are the shortest, though.
		-- Steve Rubenstein
There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
		-- Darth Vader
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people.  The good ones slept
better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
		-- Woody Allen, "Side Effects"
Welcome to Utah.
If you think our liquor laws are funny, you should see our underwear!
I don't understand you anymore.
Acquaintance, n:
	A person whom we know well enough to borrow from but not well
	enough to lend to.  A degree of friendship called slight when the
	object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Never call a man a fool.  Borrow from him.
The good time is approaching,
The season is at hand.
When the merry click of the two-base lick
Will be heard throughout the land.
The frost still lingers on the earth, and
Budless are the trees.
But the merry ring of the voice of spring
Is borne upon the breeze.
		-- Ode to Opening Day, "The Sporting News", 1886
An Ada exception is when a routine gets in trouble and says
'Beam me up, Scotty'.
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
Intel engineering seem to have misheard Intel marketing strategy. The phrase
was "Divide and conquer" not "Divide and cock up"
(By iialan@www.linux.org.uk, Alan Cox)
Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.

Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking,
unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
		-- Edward Gibbon
Acceptance testing:
	An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.
Documentation:
	Instructions translated from Swedish by Japanese for English
	speaking persons.
Now it's time to say goodbye
To all our company...
M-I-C	(see you next week!)
K-E-Y	(Why?  Because we LIKE you!)
M-O-U-S-E.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
panic: kernel segmentation violation. core dumped		(only kidding)
One would like to stroke and caress human beings, but one dares not do so,
because they bite.
		-- Vladimir Il'ich Lenin
"If that man in the PTL is such a healer, why can't he make his wife's
 hairdo go down?"
-- Robin Williams
"I'm not afraid of dying, I just don't want to be there when it happens."
-- Woody Allen
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
"Our attitude with TCP/IP is, `Hey, we'll do it, but don't make a big
system, because we can't fix it if it breaks -- nobody can.'"

"TCP/IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make
any difference if it takes a while to fix it."
		-- Ken Olson, in Digital News, 1988
I doubt, therefore I might be.
Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up
in the morning, and does not stop until you get to work.
The spirit of Plato dies hard.  We have been unable to escape the philosophical
tradition that what we can see and measure in the world is merely the
superficial and imperfect representation of an underlying reality.
		-- S.J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
How doth the little crocodile
	Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
	On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
	How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
	With gently smiling jaws!
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Alice in Wonderland"
"If Diet Coke did not exist it would have been neccessary to invent it."
-- Karl Lehenbauer
You're too beautiful to ignore.  Too much woman.
		-- Kirk to Yeoman Rand, "The Enemy Within", stardate unknown
Everyone has a purpose in life.  Perhaps yours is watching television.
- David Letterman
... in three to eight years we will have a machine with the general
intelligence of an average human being ... The machine will begin
to educate itself with fantastic speed.  In a few months it will be
at genius level and a few months after that its powers will be
incalculable ...
		-- Marvin Minsky, LIFE Magazine, November 20, 1970
I'm dressing up in an ill-fitting IVY-LEAGUE SUIT!!  Too late...
Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches
over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow
His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that.  On the
other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their
religions.
		-- Benjamin Spock
Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal rights.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower
Hold the MAYO & pass the COSMIC AWARENESS ...
Q:	How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	None.  The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out
	of the way.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
wolf, n.:
	A man who knows all the ankles.
Condense soup, not books!
Reporter:   "What would you do if you found a million dollars?"
Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."
Absence in love is like water upon fire; a little quickens, but much
extinguishes it.
		-- Hannah More
History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge,
periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts
them asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing
grub, at intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another...
Truly the imago state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every
moult is a step gained.
- Charles Darwin, from "Origin of the Species"
"How should I know if it works?  That's what beta testers are for.  I only
coded it."
(Attributed to Linus Torvalds, somewhere in a posting)
This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.  We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
They don't know how the world is shaped.  And so they give it a shape, and
try to make everything fit it.  They separate the right from the left, the
man from the woman, the plant from the animal, the sun from the moon. They
only want to count to two.
		-- Emma Bull, "Bone Dance"
To give happiness is to deserve happiness.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
When the wind is great, bow before it;
when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
Charlie Brown:	Why was I put on this earth?
Linus:		To make others happy.
Charlie Brown:	Why were others put on this earth?
love, n.:
	When you don't want someone too close--because you're very sensitive
	to pleasure.
Tyger, Tyger, burning bright		Where the hammer?  Where the chain?
In the forests of the night,		In what furnace was thy brain?
What immortal hand or eye		What the anvil?  What dread grasp
Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?	Dare its deadly terrors clasp?

Burnt in distant deeps or skies		When the stars threw down their spears
The cruel fire of thine eyes?		And water'd heaven with their tears
On what wings dare he aspire?		Dare he laugh his work to see?
What the hand dare seize the fire?	Dare he who made the lamb make thee?

And what shoulder & what art		Tyger, Tyger, burning bright
Could twist the sinews of they heart?	In the forests of the night,
And when thy heart began to beat	What immortal hand or eye
What dread hand & what dread feet	Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

Could fetch it from the furnace deep
And in thy horrid ribs dare steep
In the well of sanguine woe?
In what clay & in what mould
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
		-- William Blake, "The Tyger"
Mr. Rockford?  You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.  Could
you call me at...  My name is... uh...  Never mind, forget it!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?  It is because we
are not the person involved.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
critic, n.:
	A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
	to please him.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Aphasia:
	Loss of speech in social scientists when asked
	at parties, "But of what use is your research?"
Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.

Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
"This isn't brain surgery; it's just television."
- David Letterman
Violence stinks, no matter which end of it you're on.  But now and then
there's nothing left to do but hit the other person over the head with a
frying pan.  Sometimes people are just begging for that frypan, and if we
weaken for a moment and honor their request, we should regard it as
impulsive philanthropy, which we aren't in any position to afford, but
shouldn't regret it too loudly lest we spoil the purity of the deed.
		-- Tom Robbins
Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny
Hanson's Treatment of Time:
	There are never enough hours in a day, but always too many days
	before Saturday.
As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless; and
considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to be childless.

The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless,
a separation.
		-- Lord Chesterfield, letter to his son, 1763
We are all born mad.  Some remain so.
		-- Samuel Beckett
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Changing husbands/wives is only changing troubles.
		-- Kathleen Norris
Article the Third:
	Where a crime of the kidneys has been committed, the accused should
	enjoy the right to a speedy diaper change.  Public announcements and
	guided tours of the aforementioned are not necessary.
Article the Fourth:
	The decision to eat strained lamb or not should be with the "feedee"
	and not the "feeder".  Blowing the strained lamb into the feeder's
	face should be accepted as an opinion, not as a declaration of war.
Article the Fifth:
	Babies should enjoy the freedom to vocalize, whether it be in church,
	a public meeting place, during a movie, or after hours when the
	lights are out.  They have not yet learned that joy and laughter have
	to last a lifetime and must be conserved.
		-- Erma Bombeck, "A Baby's Bill of Rights"
Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.
I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of
tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for:  If
they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go
crude.  I'm a very technical boy.  So I decided to get as crude as possible.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even
aspire to crudeness.
		-- William Gibson, "Johnny Mnemonic"
Al didn't smile for forty years.  You've got to admire a man like that.
		-- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"
Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI	Punch Invalid
POPI	Punch Operator Immediately
PVLC	Punch Variable Length Card
RASC	Read And Shred Card
RPM	Read Programmers Mind
RSSC	reduce speed, step carefully  (for improved accuracy)
RTAB	Rewind tape and break
RWDSK	rewind disk
RWOC	Read Writing On Card
SCRBL	scribble to disk  - faster than a write
SLC	Search for Lost Chord
SPSW	Scramble Program Status Word
SRSD	Seek Record and Scar Disk
STROM	Store in Read Only Memory
TDB	Transfer and Drop Bit
WBT	Water Binary Tree
When you're in command, command.
		-- Admiral Nimitz
Should I get locked in the PRINCICAL'S OFFICE today -- or have a VASECTOMY??
Harry is heavily into camping, and every year in the late fall, he makes us
all go to Assateague, which is an island on the Atlantic Ocean famous for
its wild horses.  I realize that the concept of wild horses probably stirs
romantic notions in many of you, but this is because you have never met any
wild horses in person.  In person, they are like enormous hooved rats.  They
amble up to your camp site, and their attitude is: "We're wild horses.
We're going to eat your food, knock down your tent and poop on your shoes.
We're protected by federal law, just like Richard Nixon."
		-- Dave Barry, "Tenting Grandpa Bob"
Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went
on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.
No animal should ever jump on the dining room furniture unless
absolutely certain he can hold his own in conversation.
		-- Fran Lebowitz
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
- Voltaire
There's nothing like a girl with a plunging neckline to keep a man on his toes.
Five bicycles make a volkswagen, seven make a truck.
		-- Adolfo Guzman
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
The girl who stoops to conquer usually wears a low-cut dress.
love, n.:
	When you don't want someone too close--because you're very sensitive
	to pleasure.
A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil. 
Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."
	"What time is it?"
	"I don't know, it keeps changing."
Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because
God is not capricious or arbitrary.  No such faith comforts the software
engineer.
		-- Fred Brooks
The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.

Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."
In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
		-- W. Churchill, on General Montgomery
We must die because we have known them.
		-- Ptah-hotep, 2000 B.C.
Every Horse has an Infinite Number of Legs (proof by intimidation):

Horses have an even number of legs.  Behind they have two legs, and in
front they have fore-legs.  This makes six legs, which is certainly an
odd number of legs for a horse.  But the only number that is both even
and odd is infinity.  Therefore, horses have an infinite number of
legs.  Now to show this for the general case, suppose that somewhere,
there is a horse that has a finite number of legs.  But that is a horse
of another color, and by the lemma ["All horses are the same color"],
that does not exist.
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh
After all my erstwhile dear,
My no longer cherished,
Need we say it was not love,
Just because it perished?
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay
The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're
called.  Cats take a message and get back to you.
If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.  If you are real
good, you will get out of it.
Help fight continental drift.
Conway's Law:
	In any organization there will always be one person who knows
	what is going on.

	This person must be fired.
Something better...

 1 (obvious): Excuse me.  Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
 2 (meteorological): Everybody take cover.  She's going to blow.
 3 (fashionable): You know, you could de-emphasize your nose if you wore 
	something larger.  Like ... Wyoming.
 4 (personal): Well, here we are.  Just the three of us.
 5 (punctual): Alright gentlemen.  Your nose was on time but you were fifteen
	minutes late.
 6 (envious): Oooo, I wish I were you.  Gosh.  To be able to smell your
	own ear.
 7 (naughty): Pardon me, Sir.  Some of the ladies have asked if you wouldn't
	mind putting that thing away.
 8 (philosophical): You know.  It's not the size of a nose that's important.
	It's what's in it that matters.
 9 (humorous): Laugh and the world laughs with you.  Sneeze and it's goodbye,
	Seattle.
10 (commercial): Hi, I'm Earl Schibe and I can paint that nose for $39.95.
11 (polite): Ah.  Would you mind not bobbing your head.  The orchestra keeps
	changing tempo.
12 (melodic): Everybody! "He's got the whole world in his nose."
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"
Why won't sharks eat lawyers?   Professional courtesy.
I took a fish head to the movies and I didn't have to pay.
-- Fish Heads, Saturday Night Live, 1977.
People humiliating a salami!
There's enough money here to buy 5000 cans of Noodle-Roni!
Moe:	Wanna play poker tonight?
Joe:	I can't. It's the kids' night out.
Moe:	So?
Joe:	I gotta stay home with the nurse.
mophobia, n.:
	Fear of being verbally abused by a Mississippian.
If God had intended Man to program, we'd be born with serial I/O ports.
"If I do not want others to quote me, I do not speak."  
-- Phil Wayne
Repel them.  Repel them.  Induce them to relinquish the spheroid.
- Indiana University fans' chant for their perennially bad football team
"The great question... which I have not been able to answer... is, `What does 
woman want?'"
-- Sigmund Freud
Like you,  I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's
place in the Scheme of Things.  Here are just a few:

	Q -- Is there life after death?
	A -- Definitely.  I speak from personal experience here.  On New
Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian",
then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was
fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have
spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful
headache.  Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back
to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.  I
guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long
as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
		-- Dave Barry
Death, when unnecessary, is a tragic thing.
		-- Flint, "Requiem for Methuselah", stardate 5843.7
You will get what you deserve.
	"And we heard him exclaim
	 As he started to roam:
	 `I'm a hologram, kids,
	  please don't try this at home!'"
	-- Bob Violence
-- Howie Chaykin's little animated 3-dimensional darling, Bob Violence
Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his name correctly
(Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into (Nick-les Worth).  Which
is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.
They [preachers] dread the advance of science as witches do the approach
of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions
of the duperies on which they live.
- Thomas Jefferson
Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.
Great Moments in History: #3

August 27, 1949:
	A Hall of Fame opened to honor outstanding members of the
	Women's Air Corp.  It was a WAC's Museum.
Never eat at a place called Mom's.  Never play cards with a man named Doc.
And never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.
		-- Nelson Algren, "What Every Young Man Should Know"
I'm having a BIG BANG THEORY!!
Things will be bright in P.M.  A cop will shine a light in your face.
We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
		-- Carl Sagan
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the lowly
ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as high as the eagle?
"I prefer the blunted cudgels of the followers of the Serpent God."
-- Sean Doran the Younger
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.  You'll learn a lot today.
He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
		-- Ring Lardner
Today's thrilling story has been brought to you by Mushies, the great new
cereal that gets soggy even without milk or cream.  Join us soon for more 
spectacular adventure starring...  Tippy, the Wonder Dog!
		-- Bob & Ray
In Pocatello, Idaho, a law passed in 1912 provided that "The carrying
of concealed weapons is forbidden, unless same are exhibited to public view."
Vulcans believe peace should not depend on force.
		-- Amanda, "Journey to Babel", stardate 3842.3
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
		-- Mae West
"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people
 who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."
-- Jim Joyce, former computer science lecturer at the University of California
A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance. Kites rise
against the wind, not with it.
Twas FORTRAN as the doloop goes
	Did logzerneg the ifthen block
All kludgy were the function flows
	And subroutines adhoc.

Beware the runtime-bug my friend
	squrooneg, the false goto
Beware the infiniteloop
	And shun the inprectoo.
		-- "OUTCONERR," to the scheme of "Jabberwocky"
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on.  It is never any
use to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call,
Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all.
Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin,
Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again.

Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall.
Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all.
Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled.
Make our country well again, respected by the world.

Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun.
Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done.
Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free,
Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
		-- Pansy Myers Schroeder
Who is D.B. Cooper, and where is he now?
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.  But this wasn't it.
		-- Groucho Marx
Arnold's Addendum:
	Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats.
You may be right, I may be crazy,
But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for!
		-- Billy Joel
The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds,
and the pessimist knows it.
		-- J. Robert Oppenheimer, "Bulletin of Atomic Scientists"

Yet creeds mean very little, Coth answered the dark god, still speaking
almost gently.  The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all
possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
		-- James Cabell, "The Silver Stallion"
It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off the ground.
		-- Daniel B. Luten
Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy.
		-- Robert Heinlein
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak
it to?
		-- Clarence Darrow
"I believe the use of noise to make music will increase until we reach a
music produced through the aid of electrical instruments which will make
available for musical purposes any and all sounds that can be heard."
-- composer John Cage, 1937
Real computer scientists don't program in assembler.  They don't write
in anything less portable than a number two pencil.
I'm pretending that we're all watching PHIL SILVERS instead of RICARDO
MONTALBAN!
The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.
This life is a test.  It is only a test.  Had this been an actual life, you
would have received further instructions as to what to do and where to go.
The steady state of disks is full.
		-- Ken Thompson
Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
In a whiskey it's age, in a cigarette it's taste and in a sports car
it's impossible.
	"What are you watching?"
	"I don't know."
	"Well, what's happening?"
	"I'm not sure...  I think the guy in the hat did something terrible."
	"Why are you watching it?"
	"You're so analytical.  Sometimes you just have to let art flow
over you."
		-- The Big Chill
The real problem with hunting elephants is carrying the decoys.
Q:	How was Thomas J. Watson buried?
A:	9 edge down.
"Probably the best operating system in the world is the [operating system]
 made for the PDP-11 by Bell Laboratories." - Ted Nelson, October 1977
You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
		-- H.H. Munro
A rose is a rose is a rose.  Just ask Jean Marsh, known to millions of
PBS viewers in the '70s as Rose, the maid on the BBC export "Upstairs,
Downstairs."  Though Marsh has since gone on to other projects, ... it's
with Rose she's forever identified.  So much so that she even likes to
joke about having one named after her, a distinction not without its
drawbacks.  "I was very flattered when I heard about it, but when I looked
up the official description, it said, `Jean Marsh: pale peach, not very
good in beds; better up against a wall.'  I want to tell you that's not
true.  I'm very good in beds as well."
I BET WHEN NEANDERTHAL KIDS would make a snowman, someone would always
end up saying, "Don't forget the thick heavy brows."  Then they would get
embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and
they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
		-- Folk saying
All men know the utility of useful things;
but they do not know the utility of futility.
		-- Chuang-tzu
Some people only open up to tell you that they're closed.
The best definition of a gentleman is a man who can play the accordion --
but doesn't.
		-- Tom Crichton
	page 46
...a report citing a study by Dr. Thomas C. Chalmers, of the Mount Sinai
Medical Center in New York, which compared two groups that were being used
to test the theory that ascorbic acid is a cold preventative.  "The group
on placebo who thought they were on ascorbic acid," says Dr. Chalmers,
"had fewer colds than the group on ascorbic acid who thought they were
on placebo."
	page 56
The placebo is proof that there is no real separation between mind and body.
Illness is always an interaction between both.  It can begin in the mind and
affect the body, or it can begin in the body and affect the mind, both of
which are served by the same bloodstream.  Attempts to treat most mental
diseases as though they were completely free of physical causes and attempts
to treat most bodily diseases as though the mind were in no way involved must
be considered archaic in the light of new evidence about the way the human
body functions.
		-- Norman Cousins,
		"Anatomy of an Illness as Perceived by the Patient"
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
Tact in audacity is knowing how far you can go without going too far.
		-- Jean Cocteau
"Speak, thou vast and venerable head," muttered Ahab, "which, though
ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak,
mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee.  Of all divers,
thou has dived the deepest.  That head upon which the upper sun now gleams has
moved amid the world's foundations.  Where unrecorded names and navies rust,
and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate
earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful
water-land, there was thy most familiar home.  Thou hast been where bell or
diver never went; has slept by many a sailer's side, where sleepless mothers
would give their lives to lay them down.  Thou saw'st the locked lovers when
leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting
wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.  Thou saw'st the
murdered mate when tossed by pirates from the midnight deck; for hours he fell
into the deeper midnight of the insatiate maw; and his murderers still sailed
on unharmed -- while swift lightnings shivered the neighboring ship that would
have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms.  O head! thou has
seen enough to split the planets and make an infidel of Abraham, and not one
syllable is thine!"
		-- H. Melville, "Moby Dick"
Brahma said: Well, after hearing ten thousand explanations, a fool is no
wiser.  But an intelligent man needs only two thousand five hundred.
		-- The Mahabharata
HOORAY, Ronald!!  Now YOU can marry LINDA RONSTADT too!!
F u cn rd ths u cnt spl wrth a dm!
What is algebra, exactly?  Is it one of those three-cornered things?
		-- J.M. Barrie
Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts
to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
		-- Albert Einstein
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no
account be allowed to do the job.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac; you can always take something for it.
Some men rob you with a six-gun -- others with a fountain pen.
		-- Woodie Guthrie
True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of
personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
		-- David Mamet
You know your apartment is small...
	when you can't know its position and velocity at the same time.
	you put your key in the lock and it breaks the window.
	you have to go outside to change your mind.
	you can vacuum the entire place using a single electrical outlet.
The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes
the worst cigars.
		-- H. L. Mencken
We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful --
but those are only handicaps.  Our pride is that nevertheless, now and
then, we do our best.  A few times we succeed.  What more dare we ask for?
		-- Ensign Flandry
I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone
An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
A pessimist is a married optimist.
Have you seen the latest Japanese camera?  Apparently it is so fast it can
photograph an American with his mouth shut!
Change is the essential process of all existence.
		-- Spock, "Let That Be Your Last Battlefield", stardate 5730.2
He that teaches himself has a fool for a master.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction to a 
tedious book.
So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the
town gossip.
My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, "Mom, go for it!"
		-- Sue Murphy
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
		-- Kirk, "A Taste of Armageddon", stardate 3193.9
Reactor error - core dumped!
Are your glasses mended with a strip of masking tape right over your nose?
Do you put pennies in the slots in your penny loafers?
Does your bow-tie flash "hey you kid" in red neon at parties?
Do you think pizza before noon is unhealthy?
Do you use the "greasy kid's stuff" to stick down your cowlick?
Do you wear a "nerd-pack" in your shirt pocket to keep the dozen
	or so pencils from marking the cloth?
Do you think Mary Jane is somebody's name?
Is illegal fishing is something only a daring criminal would do?
Is Batman your hero?  Superman?  Green Lantern?  The Shadow?
Do you think girls who kiss on the first date are loose?

	Rate yourself on the nerd-o-matic scale. (1 point for each YES answer)
0-2  -- You are really hip, a real cool cat, a hoopy frood.
3-5  -- There is hope for you yet.
6-7  -- Uh-oh, trouble in River City.
8-10 -- Your immortal soul is in peril.
11+  -- Does suicide seem attractive?
Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do
the work.
		-- John G. Pollard
Only God can make random selections.
The trouble with heart disease is that the first symptom is often hard to
deal with: death.
		-- Michael Phelps
Most folks they like the daytime,
	'cause they like to see the shining sun.
They're up in the morning, 
	off and a-running till they're too tired for having fun.
But when the sun goes down,
	and the bright lights shine, my daytime has just begun.

Now there are two sides to this great big world,
	and one of them is always night.
If you can take care of business in the sunshine, baby,
	I guess you're gonna be all right.
Don't come looking for me to lend you a hand.
	My eyes just can't stand the light.

'Cause I'm a night owl honey, sleep all day long.
		-- Carly Simon
There is no point in waiting.
The train stopped running years ago.
All the schedules, the brochures,
The bright-colored posters full of lies,
Promise rides to a distant country
That no longer exists.
Marriage is a great institution -- but I'm not ready for an institution yet.
		-- Mae West
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as one
man would have produced alone.  These two plus two more will produce half
again as many ideas.  These four plus four more begin to represent a
creative meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as many ...
		-- Anthony Chevins
Virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Denniston

Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Aneurin Bevan
Mum's the word.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it
reluctantly.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
QOTD:
	"I thought I saw a unicorn on the way over, but it was just a
	horse with one of the horns broken off."
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory.  You couldn't park anywhere near
the place.
		-- Steven Wright
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
Once upon a time there was a kingdom ruled by a great bear.  The peasants
were not very rich, and one of the few ways to become at all wealthy was
to become a Royal Knight.  This required an interview with the bear.  If
the bear liked you, you were knighted on the spot.  If not, the bear would
just as likely remove your head with one swat of a paw.  However, the family
of these unfortunate would-be knights was compensated with a beautiful
sheepdog from the royal kennels, which was itself a fairly valuable
possession.  And the moral of the story is:
 
The mourning after a terrible knight, nothing beats the dog of the bear that
hit you.
This fortune intentionally not included.
Anthony's Law of Force:
	Don't force it; get a larger hammer.
Where does it go when you flush?
"Mind if I smoke?"
	"I don't care if you burst into flames and die!"
The following statement is not true.  The previous statement is true.
It is sweet to let the mind unbend on occasion.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Our [softball] team usually puts the other woman at second base, where the
maximum possible number of males can get there on short notice to help out
in case of emergency.  As far as I can tell, our second basewoman is a pretty
good baseball player, better than I am, anyway, but there's no way to know
for sure because if the ball gets anywhere near her, a male comes barging
over from, say, right field, to deal with it.  She's been on the team for
three seasons now, but the males still don't trust her.  They know, deep in
their souls, that if she had to choose between catching a fly ball and saving
an infant's life, she probably would elect to save the infant's life, without
ever considering whether there were men on base.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"
Adults die young.
No self-made man ever did such a good job that some woman didn't
want to make some alterations.
		-- Kim Hubbard
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
"Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore would allow such a
conventional thing to happen to him."
		-- John Barrymore's dying words
You will be successful in your work.
Hatred, n.:
	A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's superiority.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both
incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by
twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
		-- Rod Serling
I consider a new device or technology to have been culturally accepted when
it has been used to commit a murder.
		-- M. Gallaher
Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity...
If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your
head... if you wanted to cook, you had to pull off a sweater real quick...
		-- Steven Wright
Shopping at this grody little computer store at the Galleria for a
totally awwwesome Apple.  Fer suuure.  I mean Apples are nice you know?
But, you know, there is this cute guy who works there and HE says that
VAX's are cooler!  I mean I don't really know, you know? He says that he
has this totally tubular VAX at home and it's stuffed with memory-to-the-max!
Right, yeah.  And he wants to take me home to show it to me.  Oh My God!
I'm suuure.  Gag me with a Prime!
There is no proverb that is not true.
		-- Cervantes
Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?"
Yogi Berra:  "You mean now?"
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school
make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men
have mediocrity thrust upon them.
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
		-- Herodotus
As some day it may happen that a victim must be found
I've got a little list -- I've got a little list
Of society offenders who might well be underground
And who never would be missed -- who never would be missed.
		-- Koko, "The Mikado"
Remember to say hello to your bank teller.
The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from
sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
		--Salvador De Madariaga
Let sleeping dogs lie.
		-- Charles Dickens
I saw a man pursuing the Horizon,
'Round and round they sped.
I was disturbed at this,
I accosted the man,
"It is futile," I said.
"You can never--"
"You lie!" He cried,
and ran on.
		-- Stephen Crane
You can be replaced by this computer.
Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
		-- Monty Python
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often
picturesque liar."
		-- Mark Twain
I know engineers.  They love to change things.
- Dr. McCoy
Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves
possess.
		-- Gandalf the Grey [J.R.R. Tolkien, "Lord of the Rings"]
Good night, Austin, Texas, wherever you are!
Children begin by loving their parents.  After a time they judge them.  Rarely,
if ever, do they forgive them.
- Oscar Wilde
Where am I?  Who am I?  Am I?  I
MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box
Q:	Why did the germ cross the microscope?
A:	To get to the other slide.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
		-- Gilb
I appoint you ambassador to Fantasy Island!!!
Everybody but Sam had signed up for a new company pension plan that
called for a small employee contribution.  The company was paying all
the rest.  Unfortunately, 100% employee participation was needed;
otherwise the plan was off.  Sam's boss and his fellow workers pleaded
and cajoled, but to no avail.  Sam said the plan would never pay off.
Finally the company president called Sam into his office.
	"Sam," he said, "here's a copy of the new pension plan and here's
a pen.  I want you to sign the papers.  I'm sorry, but if you don't sign,
you're fired.  As of right now."
	Sam signed the papers immediately.
	"Now," said the president, "would you mind telling me why you
couldn't have signed earlier?"
	"Well, sir," replied Sam, "nobody explained it to me quite so
clearly before."
Chairman of the Bored.
(defun NF (a c)
  (cond ((null c) () )
	((atom (car c))
	  (append (list (eval (list 'getchar (list (car c) 'a) (cadr c))))
		 (nf a (cddr c))))
	(t (append (list (implode (nf a (car c)))) (nf a (cdr c))))))

(defun AD (want-job challenging boston-area)
  (cond 
   ((or (not (equal want-job 'yes))
	(not (equal boston-area 'yes))
	(lessp challenging 7)) () )
   (t (append (nf  (get 'ad 'expr)
	  '((caaddr 1 caadr 2 car 1 car 1)
	    (car 5 cadadr 9 cadadr 8 cadadr 9 caadr 4 car 2 car 1)
	    (car 2 caadr 4)))
      (list '851-5071x2661)))))
;;;     We are an affirmative action employer.
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them
continues to pay for it.
		-- Peggy Joyce
I have great faith in fools -- self confidence my friends call it.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe
All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
Never buy what you do not want because it is cheap; it will be dear to you.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
	After his Ignoble Disgrace, Satan was being expelled from
Heaven.  As he passed through the Gates, he paused a moment in thought,
and turned to God and said, "A new creature called Man, I hear, is soon
to be created."
	"This is true," He replied.
	"He will need laws," said the Demon slyly.
	"What!  You, his appointed Enemy for all Time!  You ask for the
right to make his laws?"
	"Oh, no!"  Satan replied, "I ask only that he be allowed to
make his own."
	It was so granted.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
I'm using my X-RAY VISION to obtain a rare glimpse of the INNER
WORKINGS of this POTATO!!
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci
Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other
forms that have been tried from time to time.
		-- Winston Churchill
DOS Air:
All the passengers go out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it
until it gets in the air, hop on, jump off when it hits the ground again.
Then they grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, et
cetera.
But scientists, who ought to know
Assure us that it must be so.
Oh, let us never, never doubt
What nobody is sure about.
		-- Hilaire Belloc
"How many teamsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?"
   "FIFTEEN!!  YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH THAT?"
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could
have poured on a waffle ...
"There must be some mistake," he said, "are you not a greater computer than
the Milliard Gargantubrain which can count all the atoms in a star in a
millisecond?"
"The Milliard Gargantubrain?" said Deep Thought with unconcealed contempt.
"A mere abacus.  Mention it not."
-- Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Though I respect that a lot
I'd be fired if that were my job
After killing Jason off and
Countless screaming argonauts

Bluebird of friendliness
Like guardian angels it's
Always near

Blue canary in the outlet by the light switch
Who watches over you
Make a little birdhouse in your soul
Not to put too fine a point on it
Say I'm the only bee in your bonnet
Make a little birdhouse in your soul
		-- "Birdhouse in your Soul", They Might Be Giants
Well, the handwriting is on the floor.
		-- Joe E. Lewis
Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict, Sir, that 
you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease".  Disraeli replied, 
"That all depends, Sir, upon whether I embrace your principles or your 
mistress."
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
If you analyse anything, you destroy it.
		-- Arthur Miller
"I knew then (in 1970) that a 4-kbyte minicomputer would cost as much as
a house.  So I reasoned that after college, I'd have to live cheaply in
an apartment and put all my money into owning a computer."
-- Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, EE Times, June 6, 1988, pg 45
To find a friend one must close one eye; to keep him -- two.
		-- Norman Douglas
Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney
The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of
entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and
50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into
the 80's.
		-- Marty Winston
	In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless
there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red
flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.
Earth Destroyed by Solar Flare -- film clips at eleven.
Machines certainly can solve problems, store information, correlate,
and play games -- but not with pleasure.
		-- Leo Rosten
X windows:
	Something you can be ashamed of.
	30% more entropy than the leading window system.
	The first fully modular software disaster.
	Rome was destroyed in a day.
	Warn your friends about it.
	Climbing to new depths.  Sinking to new heights.
	An accident that couldn't wait to happen.
	Don't wait for the movie.
	Never use it after a big meal.
	Need we say less?
	Plumbing the depths of human incompetence.
	It'll make your day.
	Don't get frustrated without it.
	Power tools for power losers.
	A software disaster of Biblical proportions.
	Never had it.  Never will.
	The software with no visible means of support.
	More than just a generation behind.

Hindenburg.  Titanic.  Edsel.
	X windows.
Q:	How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	One.  He gives it to six Californians, thereby reducing the problem
	to the earlier joke.
The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians
who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool
all of the people all of the time.
		-- Franklin Adams
> > Other than the fact Linux has a cool name, could someone explain why I
> > should use Linux over BSD?
>
> No.  That's it.  The cool name, that is.  We worked very hard on
> creating a name that would appeal to the majority of people, and it
> certainly paid off: thousands of people are using linux just to be able
> to say "OS/2? Hah.  I've got Linux.  What a cool name".  386BSD made the
> mistake of putting a lot of numbers and weird abbreviations into the
> name, and is scaring away a lot of people just because it sounds too
> technical.
(Linus Torvalds' follow-up to a question about Linux)
Can't open /usr/games/lib/fortunes.dat.
If I were to walk on water, the press would say I'm only doing it
because I can't swim.
		-- Bob Stanfield
The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have
answered themselves.
		-- Arthur Binstead
I'd be a poorer man if I'd never seen an eagle fly.
		-- John Denver

[I saw an eagle fly once.  Fortunately, I had my eagle fly swatter handy.  Ed.]
Are you a turtle?
	"A penny for your thoughts?"
	"A dollar for your death."
		-- The Odd Couple
Some people claim that the UNIX learning curve is steep, but at least you
only have to climb it once.
Yow!  Those people look exactly like Donnie and Marie Osmond!!
You're dead, Jim.
		-- McCoy, "The Tholian Web", stardate unknown
United Nations, New York, December 25.  The peace and joy of the Christmas
season was marred by a proclamation of a general strike of all the military
forces of the world.  Panic reigns in the hearts of all the patriots of
every persuasion.  Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all-time
low over the world.
		-- Isaac Asimov
One Bell System - it sometimes works.
His ideas of first-aid stopped short of squirting soda water.
		-- P.G. Wodehouse
If anything can go wrong, it will.
Q:	What's the difference betweeen USL and the Graf Zeppelin?
A:	The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.
Olmstead's Law:
	After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
Thyme's Law:
	Everything goes wrong at once.
Best Mistakes In Films
	In his "Filmgoer's Companion", Mr. Leslie Halliwell helpfully lists
four of the cinema's greatest moments which you should get to see if at all
possible.
	In "Carmen Jones", the camera tracks with Dorothy Dandridge down a
street; and the entire film crew is reflected in the shop window.
	In "The Wrong Box", the roofs of Victorian London are emblazoned
with television aerials.
	In "Decameron Nights", Louis Jourdain stands on the deck of his
fourteenth century pirate ship; and a white lorry trundles down the hill
in the background.
	In "Viking Queen", set in the times of Boadicea, a wrist watch is
clearly visible on one of the leading characters.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Attorney General Edwin Meese III explained why the Supreme Court's Miranda
decision (holding that subjects have a right to remain silent and have a
lawyer present during questioning) is unnecessary: "You don't have many
suspects who are innocent of a crime.  That's contradictory.  If a person
is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect."
		-- U.S. News and World Report, 10/14/85
My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
		-- Iphicrates
Once there was this conductor see, who had a bass problem.  You see, during
a portion of Beethovan's Ninth Symphony in which there are no bass violin
parts, one of the bassists always passed a bottle of scotch around.  So,
to remind himself that the basses usually required an extra cue towards the
end of the symphony, the conductor would fasten a piece of string around the
page of the score before the bass cue.  As the basses grew more and more
inebriated, two of them fell asleep.  The conductor grew quite nervous (he
was very concerned about the pitch) because it was the bottom of the ninth;
the score was tied and the basses were loaded with two out.
"Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time."
		-- Steven Wright
I love being married.  It's so great to find that one special person
you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
		-- Rita Rudner
Down to the Banana Republics,
Down to the tropical sun.
Go the expatriated Americans,
Hoping to find some fun.
Some of them go for the sailing,
Caught by the lure of the sea.
Trying to find what is ailing,
Living in the land of the free.
Some of them are running from lovers,
Leaving no forward address.
Some of them are running tons of ganja,
Some are running from the IRS.
Late at night you will find them,
In the cheap hotels and bars.
Hustling the senoritas,
While they dance beneath the stars.
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Banana Republics"
Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Infancy, n.:
	The period of our lives when, according to Wordsworth, "Heaven lies
	about us."  The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
The difficult we do today; the impossible takes a little longer.
Men aren't attracted to me by my mind.  They're attracted by what I
don't mind...
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee
Hiccuping & trembling into the WASTE DUMPS of New Jersey like some
drunken CABBAGE PATCH DOLL, coughing in line at FIORUCCI'S!!
Al didn't smile for forty years.  You've got to admire a man like that.
		-- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
Not with a bang but with a whimper.
		-- T.S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Every love's the love before
In a duller dress.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Summary"
You tread upon my patience.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
Some people's mouths work faster than their brains.  They say things they
haven't even thought of yet.
Do not read this fortune under penalty of law.
Violators will be prosecuted.
(Penal Code sec. 2.3.2 (II.a.))
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of
the beholder.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter
Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.
Begathon, n.:
	A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money so
	you won't have to watch commercials.
We Klingons believe as you do -- the sick should die.  Only the strong
should live.
		-- Kras, "Friday's Child", stardate 3497.2
YOW!!  I'm in a very clever and adorable INSANE ASYLUM!!
Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
		-- James Dean
Long life is in store for you.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
		-- Goethe
Humor in the Court:
Q: What can you tell us about the truthfulness and veracity of this defendant?
A: Oh, she will tell the truth. She said she'd kill that sonofabitch--and 
   she did!
The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.
She asked me, "What's your sign?"
I blinked and answered "Neon,"
I thought I'd blow her mind...
He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
"Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong."
-- Blair Houghton
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference
between a mermaid and a seal.
		-- Mark Twain
At times discretion should be thrown aside,
and with the foolish we should play the fool.
		-- Menander
When it comes to broken marriages most husbands will split the blame --
half his wife's fault, and half her mother's.
If you're careful enough, nothing bad or good will ever happen to you.
An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
		-- Mae West
Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.
Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney
	Then a man said: Speak to us of Expectations.
	He then said: If a man does not see or hear the waters of the
Jordan, then he should not taste the pomegranate or ply his wares in an
open market.
	If a man would not labour in the salt and rock quarries then he
should not accept of the Earth that which he refuses to give of
himself.

	Such a man would expect a pear of a peach tree.
	Such a man would expect a stone to lay an egg.
	Such a man would expect Sears to assemble a lawnmower.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"
"BYTE editors are men who seperate the wheat from the chaff, and then
 print the chaff."
-- Lionel Hummel (uiucdcs!hummel), derived from a quote by Adlai Stevenson, Sr.
The real reason psychology is hard is that psychologists are trying to
do the impossible.
My idea of roughing it is when room service is late.
Walk softly and carry a big stick.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt
The Worst American Poet
	Julia Moore, "the Sweet Singer of Michigan" (1847-1920) was so bad that
Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years.
	Her verse was mainly concerned with violent death -- the great fire
of Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her pen.
	Whether death was by drowning, by fits or by runaway sleigh, the
formula was the same:
		Have you heard of the dreadful fate
		Of Mr. P.P. Bliss and wife?
		Of their death I will relate,
		And also others lost their life
		(in the) Ashbula Bridge disaster,
		Where so many people died.
	Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems,
the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a
river or struck by lightning.  A critic of the day said she was "worse than
a Gatling gun" and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded.
	Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even
suggesting that the sweet singer was "semi-literate".  Her reply was
forthright: "The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went
beyond reason."  She added that "literary work is very difficult to do".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Another day, another dollar.
		-- Vincent J. Fuller, defense lawyer for John Hinckley,
		   upon Hinckley's acquittal for shooting President Ronald
		   Reagan.
Life is like a diaper -- short and loaded.
Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't going
to get hit.
		-- Joey
The face of war has never changed.  Surely it is more logical to heal
than to kill.
		-- Surak of Vulcan, "The Savage Curtain", stardate 5906.5
Mohandas K. Gandhi often changed his mind publicly.  An aide once asked him
how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week.
The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.
Many people feel that if you won't let them make you happy, they'll make you
suffer.
Yow!  Are you the self-frying president?
There's another way to survive.  Mutual trust -- and help.
		-- Kirk, "Day of the Dove", stardate unknown
You can cage a swallow, can't you,
	but you can't swallow a cage, can you?
Girl, bathing on Bikini, eyeing boy,
	finds boy eyeing bikini on bathing girl.
A man, a plan, a canal -- Panama!
		-- The Palindromist
The computer is to the information industry roughly what the
central power station is to the electrical industry.
		-- Peter Drucker
Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?
I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
		-- Nora Ephron, "Heartburn"
Practice is the best of all instructors.
		-- Publilius
You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.
Woody: How are you feeling today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Poor.
Woody: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Norm:  No, I meant `pour'.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 3

Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's the story?
Norm:  Boy meets beer.  Boy drinks beer.  Boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers, The Proposal

Paul:  Hey Norm, how's the world been treating you?
Norm:  Like a baby treats a diaper.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash
Old age is the harbor of all ills.
		-- Bion
Ho! Tom Bombadil, Tom Bombadillo!
By water, wood and hill, by reed and willow,
By fire, sun and moon, harken now and hear us!
Come, Tom Bombadil, for our need is near us!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.
Yow!  Is this sexual intercourse yet??  Is it, huh, is it??
Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck
Wedding, n:
	A ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes
	to become nothing and nothing undertakes to become supportable.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Age is a tyrant who forbids, at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.
The course of true anything never does run smooth.
		-- Samuel Butler
Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends.
The idea of man leaving this earth and flying to another celestial body and
landing there and stepping out and walking over that body has a fascination
and a driving force that can get the country to a level of energy, ambition,
and will that I do not see in any other undertaking.  I think if we are
honest with ourselves, we must admit that we needed that impetus extremely
strongly.  I sincerely believe that the space program, with its manned
landing on the moon, if wisely executed, will become the spearhead for a
broad front of courageous and energetic activities in all the fields of
endeavour of the human mind - activities which could not be carried out 
except in a mental climate of ambition and confidence which such a spearhead
can give.
- Dr. Martin Schwarzschild, 1962, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
Between the idea
And the reality
Between the motion
And the act
Falls the Shadow
		-- T.S. Eliot, "The Hollow Man"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system service dispatching.]
"We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand."
-- James Watt
If it's working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
If it's not working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
- A proposed addition to rules for realtime programming
The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
		-- William Butler Yeats
Peace, n.:
	In international affairs, a period of cheating between two
	periods of fighting.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
SANTA CLAUS comes down a FIRE ESCAPE wearing bright blue LEG WARMERS
... He scrubs the POPE with a mild soap or detergent for 15 minutes,
starring JANE FONDA!!
Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today.  Two freaks
in a van  [Oh no!!  It's the Copyright Police!!]  Her aura-charred body was
laid to rest after a eulogy by Jackie Collins, fellow member of SAFE [Society
of Asinine Flake Entertainers].  Excerpted from some of his more quotable
comments:

	"Truly a woman of the times.  These times, those times..."
	"A Renaissance woman.  Why in 1432..."
	"A man for all seasons.  Really..."

After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful
it was to "get it together" again, presumably referring to having her now dead
body join her long dead brain.
And we heard him exclaim
As he started to roam:
"I'm a hologram, kids,
please don't try this at home!'"
		-- Bob Violence
Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim
God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.
I think the world is ready for the story of an ugly duckling, who grew up to
remain an ugly duckling, and lived happily ever after.
		-- Chick
"A word to the wise: a credentials dicksize war is usually a bad idea on the
net."
(David Parsons in c.o.l.development.system, about coding in C.)
No woman can call herself free until she can choose consciously whether
she will or will not be a mother.
		-- Margaret H. Sanger
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

4. DO NOT COMPLAIN IF THE TREATMENT FAILS TO BRING RELIEF.
	You must believe that your doctor has achieved a deep insight into
	the true nature of your illness, which transcends any mere permanent
	disability you may have experienced.

5. NEVER ASK YOUR DOCTOR TO EXPLAIN WHAT HE IS DOING OR WHY HE IS DOING IT.
	It is presumptuous to assume that such profound matters could be
	explained in terms that you would understand.

6. SUBMIT TO NOVEL EXPERIMANTAL TREATMENT READILY.
	Though the surgery may not benefit you directly, the resulting
	research paper will surely be of widespread interest.
"I'd love to go out with you, but I have to floss my cat."
In real love you want the other person's good.  In romantic love you
want the other person.
		-- Margaret Anderson
Freedom from incrustation of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
Go away, I'm all right.
		-- H.G. Wells' last words.
If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream
and never be our destiny.
		-- Ren'e de Visme Williamson
> The day people think linux would be better served by somebody else (FSF
> being the natural alternative), I'll "abdicate".  I don't think that
> it's something people have to worry about right now - I don't see it
> happening in the near future.  I enjoy doing linux, even though it does
> mean some work, and I haven't gotten any complaints (some almost timid
> reminders about a patch I have forgotten or ignored, but nothing
> negative so far).
>
> Don't take the above to mean that I'll stop the day somebody complains:
> I'm thick-skinned (Lasu, who is reading this over my shoulder commented
> that "thick-HEADED is closer to the truth") enough to take some abuse.
> If I weren't, I'd have stopped developing linux the day ast ridiculed me
> on c.o.minix.  What I mean is just that while linux has been my baby so
> far, I don't want to stand in the way if people want to make something
> better of it (*).
>
>                 Linus
>
> (*) Hey, maybe I could apply for a saint-hood from the Pope.  Does
> somebody know what his email-address is? I'm so nice it makes you puke.
(Taken from Linus's reply to someone worried about the future of Linux)
The story of the butterfly:
	"I was in Bogota and waiting for a lady friend.  I was in love,
a long time ago.  I waited three days.  I was hungry but could not go
out for food, lest she come and I not be there to greet her.  Then, on
the third day, I heard a knock."
	"I hurried along the old passage and there, in the sunlight,
there was nothing."
	"Just," Vance Joy said, "a butterfly, flying away."
		-- Peter Carey, BLISS
A fool and his honey are soon parted.
Texas law forbids anyone to have a pair of pliers in his possession.
... at least I thought I was dancing, 'til somebody stepped on my hand.
		-- J. B. White
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky
An economist is a man who would marry Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.
Dear Miss Manners:
Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.

Gentle Reader:
Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face. If
the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic
discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief, and
go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth along
your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.  If, however,
the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more intimate
nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your pink tongue.
	A novice asked the master: "I perceive that one computer company is
much larger than all others.  It towers above its competition like a giant
among dwarfs.  Any one of its divisions could comprise an entire business.
Why is this so?"
	The master replied, "Why do you ask such foolish questions?  That
company is large because it is so large.  If it only made hardware, nobody
would buy it.  If it only maintained systems, people would treat it like a
servant.  But because it combines all of these things, people think it one
of the gods!  By not seeking to strive, it conquers without effort."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[131.16d]:
       "Directional signals are generally not used except during vehicle
        inspection; however, a left-turn signal is appropriate when making
        a U-turn on a divided highway."

[96.7b]:
       "When paying tolls, remember that it is necessary to release the
        quarter a full 3 seconds before passing the basket if you are
        traveling more than 60 MPH."

[110.13]:
       "When traveling on a one-way street, stay to the right, so as not
        to interfere with oncoming traffic."
"If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong."
-- Norm Schryer
memo, n.:
	An interoffice communication too often written more for the benefit
	of the person who sends it than the person who receives it.
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.
The English instinctively admire any man who has no talent and is modest
about it.
		-- James Agate, British film and drama critic
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
I judge a religion as being good or bad based on whether its adherents
become better people as a result of practicing it.
- Joe Mullally, computer salesman
Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?

D    G    G    O

O    Y    A    N

A    D    B    T

K    I    S    P
Enter words:
>
We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
		-- A. Schweitzer
Armenians and Azerbaijanis in Stepanakert, capital of the Nagorno-Karabakh
autonomous region, rioted over much needed spelling reform in the Soviet Union.
		-- P.J. O'Rourke
Are you making all this up as you go along?
What kind of sordid business are you on now?  I mean, man, whither
goest thou?  Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
		-- Jack Kerouac
Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Ignoring his department chief, and tying his assistant to an operating
table to prevent her interference, he placed a ureteral catheter into
a vein in his arm, advanced it to the right atrium [of his heart], and
walked upstairs to the x-ray department where he took the confirmatory
x-ray film.  In 1956, Dr. Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.
An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
A mother mouse was taking her large brood for a stroll across the kitchen
floor one day when the local cat, by a feat of stealth unusual even for
its species, managed to trap them in a corner.  The children cowered,
terrified by this fearsome beast, plaintively crying, "Help, Mother!
Save us!  Save us!  We're scared, Mother!"
	Mother Mouse, with the hopeless valor of a parent protecting its
children, turned with her teeth bared to the cat, towering huge above them,
and suddenly began to bark in a fashion that would have done any Doberman
proud.  The startled cat fled in fear for its life.
	As her grateful offspring flocked around her shouting "Oh, Mother,
you saved us!" and "Yay!  You scared the cat away!" she turned to them
purposefully and declared, "You see how useful it is to know a second
language?"
Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced.
- John Keats
If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
		-- Freeman Dyson
He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
		-- B. Franklin
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
A company is known by the men it keeps.
All Finagle Laws may be bypassed by learning the simple art of doing
without thinking.
If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job.
Let's hear it for OSI and X!  With those babies in the wings, we can count
on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening,
paper folding, or something.
		-- C. Philip Wood
Those who sweat in flames of hell,	Leaden eared, some thought their bowels
Here's the reason that they fell:	Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
While on earth they prayed in SAS,	These they offered up in praise
PL/1, or other crass,			Thinking all this fetid haze
Vulgar tongue.				A rapsody sung.

Some the lord did sorely try		Jabber of the mindless horde
Assembling all their pleas in hex.	Sequel next did mock the lord
Speech as crabbed as devil's crable	Slothful sequel so enfangled
Hex that marked on Tower Babel		Its speaker's lips became entangled
The highest rung.			In his bung.

Because in life they prayed so ill
And offered god such swinish swill
Now they sweat in flames of hell
Sweat from lack of APL
Sweat dung!
Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F.M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"
I was offered a job as a hoodlum and I turned it down cold.  A thief is
anybody who gets out and works for his living, like robbing a bank or
breaking into a place and stealing stuff, or kidnapping somebody.  He really
gives some effort to it.  A hoodlum is a pretty lousy sort of scum.  He
works for gangsters and bumps guys off when they have been put on the spot.
Why, after I'd made my rep, some of the Chicago Syndicate wanted me to work
for them as a hood -- you know, handling a machine gun.  They offered me
two hundred and fifty dollars a week and all the protection I needed.  I
was on the lam at the time and not able to work at my regular line.  But
I wouldn't consider it.  "I'm a thief," I said.  "I'm no lousy hoodlum."
		-- Alvin Karpis, "Public Enemy Number One"
ONE:    I will donate my entire "BABY HUEY" comic book collection to
	the downtown PLASMA CENTER ...
TWO:	I won't START a BAND called "KHADAFY & THE HIT SQUAD" ...
THREE:	I won't ever TUMBLE DRY my FOX TERRIER again!!
We have only two things to worry about:  That things will never get
back to normal, and that they already have.
I own seven-eighths of all the artists in downtown Burbank!
My face is new, my license is expired, and I'm under a doctor's care!!!!
Schshschshchsch.
		-- The Gorn, "Arena", stardate 3046.2
Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
		-- Candice Bergen
A freelance is one who gets paid by the word -- per piece or perhaps.
		-- Robert Benchley
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
		-- Dr. Konrad Adenauer
Gimme Twinkies, gimme wine,
    Gimme jeans by Calvin Kline ...
But if you split those atoms fine,
    Mama keep 'em off those genes of mine!

Gimme zits, take my dough,
    Gimme arsenic in my jelly roll ...
Call the devil and sell my soul,
    But Mama keep dem atoms whole!
		-- Milo Bloom, "The Split-Atom Blues," in "Bloom County"
The bank sent our statement this morning,
The red ink was a sight of great awe!
Their figures and mine might have balanced,
But my wife was too quick on the draw.
	The Martian landed his saucer in Manhattan, and immediately upon 
emerging was approached by a panhandler.  "Mister," said the man, "can I 
have a quarter?"
	The Martian asked, "What's a quarter?"
	The panhandler thought a minute, brightened, then said, "You're 
right!  Can I have a dollar?"
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
Girls really do know just what they want -- you to figure it out for yourself!
The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence,
and the second the triumph of hope over experience.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
QOTD:
	"It was so cold last winter that I saw a lawyer with his
	hands in his own pockets."
What we need is either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
		-- Baba Ram Dass
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
		-- Albert Einstein
Pohl's law: 
	 Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
I would rather say that a desire to drive fast sports cars is what sets
man apart from the animals.
Hire the morally handicapped.
If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekhov
... we must be wary of granting too much power to natural selection
by viewing all basic capacities of our brain as direct adaptations.
I do not doubt that natural selection acted in building our oversized
brains -- and I am equally confident that our brains became large as
an adaptation for definite roles (probably a complex set of interacting
functions).  But these assumptions do not lead to the notion, often
uncritically embraced by strict Darwinians, that all major capacities
of the brain must arise as direct products of natural selection.
		-- S.J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
If a system is administered wisely,
its users will be content.
They enjoy hacking their code
and don't waste time implementing
labor-saving shell scripts.
Since they dearly love their accounts,
they aren't interested in other machines.
There may be telnet, rlogin, and ftp,
but these don't access any hosts.
There may be an arsenal of cracks and malware,
but nobody ever uses them.
People enjoy reading their mail,
take pleasure in being with their newsgroups,
spend weekends working at their terminals,
delight in the doings at the site.
And even though the next system is so close
that users can hear its key clicks and biff beeps,
they are content to die of old age
without ever having gone to see it.
... eighty years later he could still recall with the young pang of his
original joy his falling in love with Ada.
		-- Nabokov
Have a taco.
		-- P.S. Beagle
QOTD:
	"I used to jog, but the ice kept bouncing out of my glass."
Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.
		-- G.B. Shaw
         EARTH          
     smog  |   bricks  
 AIR  --  mud  --  FIRE
soda water |   tequila 
         WATER        
The idea that an arbitrary naive human should be able to properly use a given
tool without training or understanding is even more wrong for computing than
it is for other tools (e.g. automobiles, airplanes, guns, power saws).
		-- Doug Gwyn
It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.
The essential ideas of Algol 68 were that the whole language should be
precisely defined and that all the pieces should fit together smoothly.
The basic idea behind Pascal was that it didn't matter how vague the
language specification was (it took *years* to clarify) or how many rough
edges there were, as long as the CDC Pascal compiler was fast.
-- Richard A. O'Keefe
"God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh."
- Voltaire
You just know when a relationship is about to end.  My girlfriend called me
at work and asked me how you change a lightbulb in the bathroom.  "It's very
simple," I said. "You start by filling up the bathtub with water..."
This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...
I would have you imagine, then, that there exists in the mind of man a block
of wax...  and that we remember and know what is imprinted as long as the
image lasts; but when the image is effaced, or cannot be taken, then we
forget or do not know.
		-- Plato, Dialogs, Theateus 191
 
	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to image activation and termination.]
So little time, so little to do.
		-- Oscar Levant
Speaking as someone who has delved into the intricacies of PL/I, I am sure
that only Real Men could have written such a machine-hogging, cycle-grabbing,
all-encompassing monster.  Allocate an array and free the middle third?
Sure!  Why not?  Multiply a character string times a bit string and assign the
result to a float decimal?  Go ahead!  Free a controlled variable procedure
parameter and reallocate it before passing it back?  Overlay three different
types of variable on the same memory location?  Anything you say!  Write a
recursive macro?  Well, no, but Real Men use rescan.  How could a language
so obviously designed and written by Real Men not be intended for Real Man use?
This must be morning.  I never could get the hang of mornings.
Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
		-- Dave Millman
If you are not for yourself, who will be for you?
If you are for yourself, then what are you?
If not now, when?
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton
Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.
Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.
		-- Tom Robbins
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at
least until we've finished building it.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds
will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
To be or not to be, that is the bottom line.
Heuristics are bug ridden by definition.  If they didn't have bugs,
then they'd be algorithms.
Q:	Heard about the <ethnic> who couldn't spell?
A:	He spent the night in a warehouse.
Oreo.
Reformed, n.:
	A synagogue that closes for the Jewish holidays.
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
Gilbert's Discovery:
	Any attempt to use the new super glues results in the two pieces
	sticking to your thumb and index finger rather than to each other.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
- Kahlil Gibran
Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day
Fritter and waste the hours in an offhand way
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your hometown
Waiting for someone or something to show you the way

Tired of lying in the sunshine		And then one day you find
Staying home to watch the rain		Ten years have got behind you
You are young and life is long		No one told you when to run
And there is time to kill today		You missed the starting gun

And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking
And racing around to come up behind you again
The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older
Shorter of breath and one day closer to death

Every year is getting shorter		Hanging on in quiet desperation
						is the English way
Never seem to find the time		The time is gone, the song is over
Plans that either come to nought	Thought I'd something more to say...
Or half a page of scribbled lines
		-- Pink Floyd, "Time"
Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Take not a single bit!
It used to point to me,
Now I'm protecting it.
It was the reader's CONS
That made it, paired by dot;
Now, GC, for the nonce,
Thou shalt reclaim it not.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
		-- Mark Twain
Having no talent is no longer enough.
		-- Gore Vidal
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
It was a brave man that ate the first oyster.
In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
Q:	How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	None:  The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
System checkpoint complete.
He's dead, Jim.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
Okay ... I'm going home to write the "I HATE RUBIK's CUBE HANDBOOK FOR
DEAD CAT LOVERS" ...
A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"
Life is cheap, but the accessories can kill you.
Of what you see in books, believe 75%.  Of newspapers, believe 50%.  And of
TV news, believe 25% -- make that 5% if the anchorman wears a blazer.
It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods
to Grandmother's condo.
History is on our side (as long as we can control the historians).
Once upon a time there was a DOS user who saw Unix, and saw that it was
good. After typing cp on his DOS machine at home, he downloaded GNU's
unix tools ported to DOS and installed them. He rm'd, cp'd, and mv'd
happily for many days, and upon finding elvis, he vi'd and was happy. After
a long day at work (on a Unix box) he came home, started editing a file,
and couldn't figure out why he couldn't suspend vi (w/ ctrl-z) to do
a compile.
(By ewt@tipper.oit.unc.edu (Erik Troan)
Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen
I never killed a man that didn't deserve it.
		-- Mickey Cohen
Howe's Law:
	Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
"Conversion, fastidious Goddess, loves blood better than brick, and feasts
most subtly on the human will."
-- Virginia Woolf, "Mrs. Dalloway"
If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit Ears.
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy,
But it's very funny -- did you ever try buying them without money?
		-- Ogden Nash
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Quick, sing me the BUDAPEST NATIONAL ANTHEM!!
As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless; and
considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to be childless.

The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless,
a separation.
		-- Lord Chesterfield, letter to his son, 1763
nominal egg:
	New Yorkerese for expensive.
The reason it's called "Grape Nuts" is that it contains "dextrose", which is
also sometimes called "grape sugar," and also because "Grape Nuts" is
catchier, in terms of marketing, than "A Cross Between Gerbil Food and
Gravel," which is what it tastes like.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"
"Security is mostly a superstition.  It does not exist in nature... Life is 
either a daring adventure or nothing."
-- Helen Keller
Life is like an analogy.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it
had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice
firm tuft of grass.
		-- Donald A. Metz
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must
have somebody to divide it with.
		-- Mark Twain
This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.  Had there been an
actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.
The Seventh Edition licensing procedures are, I suppose, still in effect, 
though I doubt that tapes are available from AT&T.  At any rate, whatever 
restrictions the license imposes still exist.  These restrictions were and 
are reasonable for places that just want to run the system, but don't allow 
many of the things that Minix was written for, like study of the source in 
classes, or by individuals not in a university or company.

I've always thought that Minix was a fine idea, and competently done.

As for the size of v7, wc -l /usr/sys/*/*.[chs] is 19271.

-- Dennis Ritchie, 1989
The evidence of the emotions, save in cases where it has strong objective
support, is really no evidence at all, for every recognizable emotion has
its opposite, and if one points one way then another points the other way.
Thus the familiar argument that there is an instinctive desire for immortality,
and that this desire proves it to be a fact, becomes puerile when it is
recalled that there is also a powerful and widespread fear of annihilation,
and that this fear, on the same principle proves that there is nothing
beyond the grave.  Such childish "proofs" are typically theological, and
they remain theological even when they are adduced by men who like to 
flatter themselves by believing that they are scientific gents....
- H. L. Mencken
"Obedience.  A religion of slaves.  A religion of intellectual death.  I like
it.  Don't ask questions, don't think, obey the Word of the Lord -- as it
has been conveniently brought to you by a man in a Rolls with a heavy Rolex
on his wrist.  I like that job!  Where can I sign up?"
-- Oleg Kiselev,oleg@CS.UCLA.EDU
Our congratulations go to a Burlington Vermont civilian employee of the
local Army National Guard base.  He recently received a substational cash
award from our government for inventing a device for optical scanning.
His device reportedly will save the government more than $6 million a year
by replacing a more expensive helicopter maintenance tool with his own,
home-made, hand-held model.

Not suprisingly, we also have a couple of money-saving ideas that we submit
to the Pentagon free of charge:

	(a) Don't kill anybody.
	(b) Don't build things that do.
	(c) And don't pay other people to kill anybody.

We expect annual savings to be in the billions.
		-- Sojourners
I have found little that is good about human beings.  In my experience
most of them are trash.
		-- Sigmund Freud
At times discretion should be thrown aside,
and with the foolish we should play the fool.
		-- Menander
17th Rule of Friendship:
	A friend will refrain from telling you he picked up the same amount of
	life insurance coverage you did for half the price when yours is
	noncancellable.
		-- Esquire, May 1977
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
		-- Mae West
QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."
Mr. Rockford?  You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.  Could
you call me at...  My name is... uh...  Never mind, forget it!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
1 + 1 = 3, for large values of 1.
Witch!  Witch!  They'll burn ya!
		-- Hag, "Tomorrow is Yesterday", stardate unknown
Hire the morally handicapped.
Look DEEP into the OPENINGS!!  Do you see any ELVES or EDSELS ... or a
HIGHBALL?? ...
There are no data that cannot be plotted on a straight line if the axis
are chosen correctly.
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling
the walk before it stops snowing.
		-- Phyllis Diller

There is no need to do any housework at all.  After the first four years
the dirt doesn't get any worse.
		-- Quentin Crisp
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice
and tragedy.  What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the
master calls a butterfly.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than
three hundred years ago. "What is the 'Body of a rock'?" he was asked.
In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by
slashing his abdomen with a knife.  Just as the pupil was about to comply,
the Master stayed his hand, saying, "That is the 'Body of a rock'."
		-- Eric Van Lustbader
Q:	How many college football players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
Humor in the Court:
Q.  Did you ever stay all night with this man in New York?
A.  I refuse to answer that question.
Q.  Did you ever stay all night with this man in Chicago?
A.  I refuse to answer that question.
Q.  Did you ever stay all night with this man in Miami?
A.  No.
"Is this foreplay?"
   "No, this is Nuke Strike.  Foreplay has lousy graphics.  Beat me again."
-- Duckert, in "Bad Rubber," Albedo #0 (comics)
Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
		-- Richard Armour
God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.
>One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative.

Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
-- Chuq Von Rospach, chuq@Apple.COM 
Heisenberg may have been here.
You see but you do not observe.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, in "The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes"
There's a little picture of ED MCMAHON doing BAD THINGS to JOAN RIVERS
in a $200,000 MALIBU BEACH HOUSE!!
As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
		-- Joseph Brodsky
I can't drive 55.
I'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either.
Accent on helpful side of your nature.  Drain the moat.
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
		-- E.M. Forster
If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined
them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
		-- Mr. Interesting
Around the turn of this century, a composer named Camille Saint-Saens wrote
a satirical zoological-fantasy called "Le Carnaval des Animaux."  Aside from
one movement of this piece, "The Swan", Saint-Saens didn't allow this work
to be published or even performed until a year had elapsed after his death.
(He died in 1921.)
	Most of us know the "Swan" movement rather well, with its smooth,
flowing cello melody against a calm background; but I've been having this
fantasy...
	What if he had written this piece with lyrics, as a song to be sung?
And, further, what if he had accompanied this song with a musical saw?  (This
instrument really does exist, often played by percussionists!)  Then the
piece would be better known as:
	SAINT-SAENS' SAW SONG "SWAN"!
A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
		-- Publilius Syrus
It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too
good either if you speak when your head is empty.
From too much love of living,
From hope and fear set free,
We thank with brief thanksgiving,
Whatever gods may be,
That no life lives forever,
That dead men rise up never,
That even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.
		-- Swinburne
It is all right to hold a conversation, but you should let go of it
now and then.
		-- Richard Armour
Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've
done and what you're going to do.
	A circus foreman was making the rounds inspecting the big top when
a scrawny little man entered the tent and walked up to him.  "Are you the
foreman around here?" he asked timidly.  "I'd like to join your circus; I
have what I think is a pretty good act."
	The foreman nodded assent, whereupon the little man hurried over to
the main pole and rapidly climbed up to the very tip-top of the big top.
Drawing a deep breath, he hurled himself off into the air and began flapping
his arms furiously.  Amazingly, rather than plummeting to his death the little
man began to fly all around the poles, lines, trapezes and other obstacles,
performing astounding feats of aerobatics which ended in a long power dive
from the top of the tent, pulling up into a gentle feet-first landing beside
the foreman, who had been nonchalantly watching the whole time.
	"Well," puffed the little man.  "What do you think?"
	"That's all you do?" answered the foreman scornfully.  "Bird
imitations?"
In Pierre Trudeau, Canada has finally produced a Prime Minister worthy of
assassination.
		-- John Diefenbaker
VMS must die!
Demand the establishment of the government in its rightful home at Disneyland.
If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it
off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe?
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe"
What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
		-- William Blake
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
Almost anything derogatory you could say about today's software design
would be accurate.
		-- K.E. Iverson
Things are not as simple as they seems at first.
- Edward Thorp
brain-damaged, generalization of "Honeywell Brain Damage" (HBD), a
theoretical disease invented to explain certain utter cretinisms in
Multics, adj:
	Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented.  There is an implication
	that the person responsible must have suffered brain damage,
	because he/she should have known better.  Calling something
	brain-damaged is bad; it also implies it is unusable.
There is no character, howsoever good and fine, but it can be destroyed by
ridicule, howsoever poor and witless.  Observe the ass, for instance: his
character is about perfect, he is the choicest spirit among all the humbler
animals, yet see what ridicule has brought him to.  Instead of feeling
complimented when we are called an ass, we are left in doubt.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
"What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?"
		-- The Doctor
In /users3 did Kubla Kahn
A stately pleasure dome decree,
Where /bin, the sacred river ran
Through Test Suites measureless to Man
Down to a sunless C.
When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent
Laura's Law:
	No child throws up in the bathroom.
Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
		-- Karl Kraus
You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty
to his own concept of the obligations of manhood.  All other loyalties
are merely deputies of that one.
		-- Nero Wolfe
Security check: INTRUDER ALERT!
malpractice, n.:
	The reason surgeons wear masks.
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the
system.  From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine
some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very
sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
		-- Dr. Richard LeBlanc, associate professor of ICS, in
		   Georgia Tech's campus newspaper after the Internet worm.
On SECOND thought, maybe I'll heat up some BAKED BEANS and watch REGIS
PHILBIN ...  It's GREAT to be ALIVE!!
	The big problem with pornography is defining it.  You can't just
say it's pictures of people naked.  For example, you have these
primitive African tribes that exist by chasing the wildebeest on foot,
and they have to go around largely naked, because, as the old tribal
saying goes: "N'wam k'honi soit qui mali," which means, "If you think
you can catch a wildebeest in this climate and wear clothes at the same
time, then I have some beach front property in the desert region of
Northern Mali that you may be interested in."
	So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic
publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest
naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason
naked, or whatever.  But if National Geographic were to publish an
article entitled "The Girls of the California Junior College System
Hunt the Wildebeest Naked," some people would call it pornography.  But
others would not.  And still others, such as the Spectacularly Rev.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"
Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?"
Yogi Berra:  "You mean now?"
"The Avis WIZARD decides if you get to drive a car. Your head won't touch the
pillow of a Sheraton unless their computer says it's okay."
-- Arthur Miller
Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands, meet exciting interesting people,
and kill them.
Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#9

Laundry:
	Women do laundry every couple of days.  A man will wear every article
of clothing he owns, including his surgical pants that were hip about eight
years ago, before he will do his laundry.  When he is finally out of clothes,
he will wear a dirty sweatshirt inside out, rent a U-Haul and take his mountain
of clothes to the laundromat.  Men always expect to meet beautiful women at
the laundromat.  This is a myth.

Nicknames:
	If Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle get together for lunch,
they will call each other Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle.  But if
Mike, Dave, Rob and Jack go out for a brewsky, they will affectionately
refer to each other as Bullet-Head, Godzilla, Peanut Brain and Useless.

Socks:
	Men wear sensible socks.  They wear standard white sweatsocks.
Women wear strange socks.  They are cut way below the ankles, have pictures
of clouds on them, and have a big fuzzy ball on the back.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two points.
		-- M. M. Johnston
Four fifths of the perjury in the world is expended on tombstones, women
and competitors.
		-- Lord Thomas Dewar
Support the Girl Scouts!
	(Today's Brownie is tomorrow's Cookie!)
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Many a family tree needs trimming.
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon
to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
		-- Oscar Wilde
"I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder have 
 included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.  This 
 technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's reign.  My 
 carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.  Better go by some more."
-- timw@zeb.USWest.COM, in alt.conspiracy
One bright Sunday morning, in the shadows of the steeple,
By the Relief Office, I seen my people;
As they stood there hungry, I stood there whistling,
This land was made for you and me.

Nobody living can ever stop me,
As I go walking that freedom highway;
Nobody living can ever make me turn back,
This land was made for you and me.

As I went walking, I saw a sign there,
And on the sign it said: "No Trespassing."
But on the other side, it didn't say nothing,
That side was made for you and me.
		-- Woody Guthrie, "This Land Is Your Land" (verses 4, 6, 7)
	[If you ever wondered why Arlo was so anti-establishment when his dad
	 wrote such wonderful patriotic songs, the answer is that you haven't
	 heard all of Woody's songs]
We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.
Humor in th Court:
Q: Do you drink when you're on duty?
A: I don't drink when I'm on duty, unless I come on duty drunk.
Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.  Others are so fast,
they don't notice you.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
You're at the end of the road again.
Symptom:		Feet cold and wet, glass empty.
Fault:			Glass being held at incorrect angle.
Action Required:	Turn glass other way up so that open end points
			toward ceiling.

Symptom:		Feet warm and wet.
Fault:			Improper bladder control.
Action Required:	Go stand next to nearest dog.  After a while complain
			to the owner about its lack of house training and
			demand a beer as compensation.
		-- Bar Troubleshooting
"As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty,
and I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a
scientist.  This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls."
		-- Matt Cartmill
I was eatin' some chop suey,
With a lady in St. Louie,
When there sudden comes a knockin' at the door.
And that knocker, he says, "Honey,
Roll this rocker out some money,
Or your daddy shoots a baddie to the floor."
		-- Mr. Miggle
What did you bring that book I didn't want to be read to out of about
Down Under up for?
The instruments of science do not in themselves discover truth.  And there are
searchings that are not concluded by the coincidence of a pointer and a mark.
		-- Fred Saberhagen, "The Berserker Wars"
Reality -- what a concept!
		-- Robin Williams
What!?  Me worry?
		-- Alfred E. Newman
The man with the best job in the country is the Vice President.  All he has
to do is get up every morning and say, "How's the President?"
		-- Will Rogers

The vice-presidency ain't worth a pitcher of warm spit.
		-- Vice President John Nance Garner
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain
"When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro..."
-- Hunter S. Thompson
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three
persons, two of them absent.
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task
completely overwhelm you.
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "A Mencken Chrestomathy"
...And no philosophy, sadly, has all the answers.  No matter how assured
we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful
inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions.  This is true in religion as
it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the naive.
As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we might be
advised to leave them to heaven.  They will not, unfortunately, do us the
same courtesy.  They attack us and each other, and whatever their 
protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear
that they are easily disposed to restore to the sword.  My own belief in
God, then, is just that -- a matter of belief, not knowledge.  My respect
for Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the
most virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth.  But even well-educated Christians
are frustated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure
of Jesus because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record.
Such ambiguity is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every
recognized Bible scholar is perfectly aware of it.  Some Christians, alas,
resort to formal lying to obscure such reality.
- Steve Allen, comdeian, from an essay in the book "The Courage of 
  Conviction", edited by Philip Berman
Dime is money.
No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.
Dear Miss Manners:
I carry a big black umbrella, even if there's just a thirty percent chance of
rain.  May I ask a young lady who is a stranger to me to share its protection?
This morning, I was waiting for a bus in comparative comfort, my umbrella
protecting me from the downpour, and noticed an attractive young woman getting
soaked.  I have often seen her at my bus stop, although we have never spoken,
and I don't even know her name.  Could I have asked her to get under my
umbrella without seeming insulting?

Gentle Reader:
Certainly.  Consideration for those less fortunate than you is always proper,
although it would be more convincing if you stopped babbling about how
attractive she is.  In order not to give Good Samaritanism a bad name, Miss
Manners asks you to allow her two or three rainy days of unmolested protection
before making your attack.
Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
What fools these mortals be.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Truth has no special time of its own.  Its hour is now -- always.
		-- Albert Schweitzer
All is fear in love and war.
Support bacteria -- it's the only culture some people have!
You or I must yield up his life to Ahrimanes.  I would rather it were you.
I should have no hesitation in sacrificing my own life to spare yours, but
we take stock next week, and it would not be fair on the company.
		-- J. Wellington Wells
Semper Fi, dude.
The Second Law of Thermodynamics:
	If you think things are in a mess now, just wait!
		-- Jim Warner
Please don't recommend me to your friends-- it's difficult enough to
cope with you alone.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
When I first arrived in this country I had only fifteen cents in my pocket
and a willingness to compromise.
		-- Weber cartoon caption
I have many CHARTS and DIAGRAMS..
The meek are contesting the will.
The Preacher, the Politician, the Teacher,
	Were each of them once a kiddie.
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
	Do I want one?  God Forbiddie!
		-- Ogden Nash
Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Crack Up"
The three laws of thermodynamics:
	(1) You can't get anything without working for it.
	(2) The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
	(3) You can only break even at absolute zero.
Help stamp out Mickey-Mouse computer interfaces -- Menus are for Restaurants!
Absolutum obsoletum.  (If it works, it's out of date.)
		-- Stafford Beer
In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence ...
in time every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent
to carry out its duties ... Work is accomplished by those employees who
have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "The Peter Principle"
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
Smartness runs in my family.  When I went to school I was so smart my
teacher was in my class for five years.
		-- George Burns
My boy is a mean kid.  I came home the other day and saw him taping worms
to the sidewalk, he sits there and watches the birds get hernias.  Well,
only last Christmas I gave him a B-B gun and he gave me a sweatshirt with
a bulls-eye on the back.

I told my kids, "Someday, you'll have kids of your own."  One of them
said, "So will you."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield
And I heard Jeff exclaim,
As they strolled out of sight,
"Merry Christmas to all --
You take credit cards, right?"
		-- "Outsiders" comic
So many women; so little nerve.
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
QOTD:
	"The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its
	neck to get the dog to play with it."
A man is like a rusty wheel on a rusty cart,
He sings his song as he rattles along and then he falls apart.
		-- Richard Thompson
Interfere?  Of course we should interfere!  Always do what you're
best at, that's what I say.
		-- Doctor Who
Can I have an IMPULSE ITEM instead?
What the deuce is it to me?  You say that we go around the sun.  If we went
around the moon it would not make a pennyworth of difference to me or my work.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "A Study in Scarlet"
Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Go away.  You bother me.
	Why?   Because life is unfair.
	That's a nice drawing.  What is it?
	Children should be seen and not heard.
	You'll be the death of me.
	You'll understand when you're older.
	Because.
	Wipe that smile off your face.
	I don't believe you.
	How many times have I told you to be careful?
	Just beacuse.
Well, here I am in AMERICA..  I LIKE it.  I HATE it.  I LIKE it.  I
HATE it.  I LIKE it.  I HATE it.  I LIKE it.  I HATE it.  I LIKE ...
EMOTIONS are SWEEPING over me!!
"Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of
Silly Putty."
-  Dennis Rawlins, astronomer
I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees.  And I want to
thank everyone for making this night necessary.
		-- Yogi Berra at a dinner in his honor
The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to
smoke is a right worth dying for.
In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals.
You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.
-- Robert Lucky
We are all agreed that your theory is crazy.  The question which divides us is
whether it is crazy enough to have a chance of being correct.  My own feeling
is that it is not crazy enough. 
		-- Niels Bohr
Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer.  Let it simmer.  Meanwhile,
broil a good steak.  Eat the steak.  Let the chili simmer.  Ignore it.
		-- Recipe for chili from Allan Shrivers, former governor
		   of Texas.
It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've
done and what you're going to do.
A man is known by the company he organizes.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
		-- Bion
"It's in process":
	So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.
One of the saddest lessons of history is this:  If we've been bamboozled
long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle.  We're no
longer interested in finding out the truth.  The bamboozle has captured
us.  it is simply too painful to acknowledge -- even to ourselves -- that
we've been so credulous.  (So the old bamboozles tend to persist as the
new bamboozles rise.)
-- Carl Sagan, "The Fine Art of Baloney Detection," Parade, February 1, 1987
George Bernard Shaw once sent two tickets to the opening night of one of
his plays to Winston Churchill with the following note:
	"Bring a friend, if you have one."

Churchill wrote back, returning the two tickets and excused himself as he
had a previous engagement.  He also attached the following:
	"Please send me two tickets for the next night, if there is one."
Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
		-- Homer
To find a friend one must close one eye; to keep him -- two.
		-- Norman Douglas
To everything there is a season, a time for every pupose under heaven:
A time to be born, and a time to die;
A time to plant, and a time to pluck what is planted;
A time to kill, and a time to heal;
A time to break down, and a time to build up;
A time to weep, and a time to laugh;
A time to mourn, and a time to dance;
A time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones;
A time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;
A time to gain, and a time to lose;
A time to keep, and a time to throw away;
A time to tear, and a time to sew;
A time to keep silence, and a time to speak;
A time to love, and a time to hate;
A time of war, and a time of peace.
		Ecclesiastes 3:1-9
The notes blatted skyward as they rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen
bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim,
'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
		-- Winning sentence, 1987 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more
doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of a
new system.  For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by
the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders in
those who would gain by the new ones.
-- Machiavelli
A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.  But an authentic soothsayer should
be shot on sight.  Cassandra did not get half the kicking around she deserved.
		-- R.A. Heinlein
skldfjkljklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil
h;asvgy8p	23r1vyui135	2
kmxsij90TYDFS$$b	jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j	nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[,
		[hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf']
				sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y


Now look what you've gone and done!  You've broken it!
Jane and I got mixed up with a television show -- or as we call it back
east here: TV -- a clever contraction derived from the words Terrible
Vaudeville. However, it is our latest medium -- we call it a medium
because nothing's well done. It was discovered, I suppose you've heard,
by a man named Fulton Berle, and it has already revolutionized social
grace by cutting down parlour conversation to two sentences: "What's on
television?" and "Good night".
		-- Goodman Ace, letter to Groucho Marx, in The Groucho
		   Letters, 1967
Nobody said computers were going to be polite.
Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
There seems no plan because it is all plan.
		-- C.S. Lewis
Research, n.:
	Consider Columbus:
	He didn't know where he was going.
	When he got there he didn't know where he was.
	When he got back he didn't know where he had been.
	And he did it all on someone else's money.
Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.
I hear what you're saying but I just don't care.
If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
		-- Marvin Kitman
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
Toni's Solution to a Guilt-Free Life:
	If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
Yeah, there are more important things in life than money, but they won't go
out with you if you don't have any.
Agree with them now, it will save so much time.
If a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better,
and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can
convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health.
		-- Sir Peter Medawar, "The Art of the Soluble"
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd
And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven;
The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth
And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change.
These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Richard II"
YOW!!  I'm in a very clever and adorable INSANE ASYLUM!!
H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L. Mencken --
there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.
		-- Maxwell Bodenheim
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
		-- Harrison
Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #2.

^Cu tiu loko estas okupita?		Is this seat taken?
^Cu vi ofte venas ^ci-tien?		Do you come here often?
^Cu mi povas havi via telelonnumeron?	May I have your phone number?
Mi estas komputilisto.			I work with computers.
Mi legas multe da scienca fikcio.	I read a lot of science fiction.
^Cu necesas ke vi eliras?		Do you really have to be going?
Unix is a Registered Bell of AT&T Trademark Laboratories.
		-- Donn Seeley
"My sense of purpose is gone! I have no idea who I AM!"
    "Oh, my God... You've.. You've turned him into a DEMOCRAT!"
-- Doonesbury
Nothing in life is to be feared.  It is only to be understood.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
"Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure that you're the 
one holding it"
-- Captain Combat
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are
totally worthless.
Reach into the thoughts of friends,
And find they do not know your name.
Squeeze the teddy bear too tight,
And watch the feathers burst the seams.
Touch the stained glass with your cheek,
And feel its chill upon your blood.
Hold a candle to the night,
And see the darkness bend the flame.
Tear the mask of peace from God,
And hear the roar of souls in hell.
Pluck a rose in name of love,
And watch the petals curl and wilt.
Lean upon the western wind,
And know you are alone.
		-- Dru Mims
This PIZZA symbolizes my COMPLETE EMOTIONAL RECOVERY!!
Barbara's Rules of Bitter Experience:
	(1) When you empty a drawer for his clothes
	    and a shelf for his toiletries, the relationship ends.
	(2) When you finally buy pretty stationary
	    to continue the correspondence, he stops writing.
Cure the disease and kill the patient.
		-- Francis Bacon
Never play pool with anyone named "Fats".
PUNK ROCK!!  DISCO DUCK!!  BIRTH CONTROL!!
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
There never was a good war or a bad peace.
		-- B. Franklin
Thou hast seen nothing yet.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
broad-mindedness, n:
	The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out.
The weatherman said "I don't understand it.  I was supposed to be 80
degrees today," and I said "Oops."

In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above... so
I never have to go upstairs.

I just bought a microwave fireplace... You can spend an evening in
front of it in only eight minutes.
		-- Steven Wright
Old mail has arrived.
While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
		-- Dean Rusk
I develop for Linux for a living, I used to develop for DOS.
Going from DOS to Linux is like trading a glider for an F117.
(By entropy@world.std.com, Lawrence Foard)
Hi!  I'm Larry.  This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother
Jimbo.  We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.
Philosophy:  A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?
Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.
It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.
		-- William Pitt, 1783
(German philosopher) Georg Wilhelm Hegel, on his deathbed, complained,
"Only one man ever understood me."  He fell silent for a while and then added,
"And he didn't understand me."
A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
"In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality
at any point."
-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
		-- Bergan Evans
Ben, why didn't you tell me?
		-- Luke Skywalker
While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
		-- Dean Rusk
"You're a creature of the night, Michael.  Wait'll Mom hears about this."
-- from the movie "The Lost Boys"
Ryan's Law:
	Make three correct guesses consecutively
	and you will establish yourself as an expert.
We are what we are.
I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and
the real reason.
If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
		-- Michelet
Clones are people two.
I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living
Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
So this is what it feels like to be potato salad
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.

You can tune a filesystem, but you can't tuna fish.
		-- from the tunefs(8) man page
A woman's place is in the house... and in the Senate.
	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."
When my fist clenches crack it open,
Before I use it and lose my cool.
When I smile tell me some bad news,
Before I laugh and act like a fool.

And if I swallow anything evil,
Put you finger down my throat.
And if I shiver please give me a blanket,
Keep me warm let me wear your coat

No one knows what it's like to be the bad man,
	to be the sad man.
Behind blue eyes.
No one knows what its like to be hated,
	to be fated,
To telling only lies.
			-- The Who
"He didn't run for reelection.	`Politics brings you into contact with all the 
people you'd give anything to avoid,' he said. `I'm staying home.'"
-- Garrison Keillor, _Lake_Wobegone_Days_
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
Marriage is the sole cause of divorce.
The rain it raineth on the just
	And also on the unjust fella,
But chiefly on the just, because
	The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
		-- Lord Bowen
Brontosaurus Principle:
	Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them
	in relation to their environment and to their own physiology:  when
	this occurs, they are an endangered species.
		-- Thomas K. Connellan
	A manager was about to be fired, but a programmer who worked for him
invented a new program that became popular and sold well.  As a result, the
manager retained his job.
	The manager tried to give the programmer a bonus, but the programmer
refused it, saying, "I wrote the program because I though it was an interesting
concept, and thus I expect no reward."
	The manager, upon hearing this, remarked, "This programmer, though he
holds a position of small esteem, understands well the proper duty of an
employee.  Lets promote him to the exalted position of management consultant!"
	But when told this, the programmer once more refused, saying, "I exist
so that I can program.  If I were promoted, I would do nothing but waste
everyone's time.  Can I go now?  I have a program that I'm working on."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
	"No, I understand now," Auberon said, calm in the woods -- it was so
simple, really.  "I didn't, for a long time, but I do now.  You just can't
hold people, you can't own them.  I mean it's only natural, a natural process
really.  Meet.  Love.  Part.  Life goes on.  There was never any reason to
expect her to stay always the same -- I mean `in love,' you know."  There were
those doubt-quotes of Smoky's, heavily indicated.  "I don't hold a grudge.  I
can't."
	"You do," Grandfather Trout said.  "And you don't understand."
		-- Little, Big, "John Crowley"
	Friends were surprised, indeed, when Frank and Jennifer broke their 
engagement, but Frank had a ready explanation: "Would you marry someone who 
was habitually unfaithful, who lied at every turn, who was selfish and lazy 
and sarcastic?"
	"Of course not," said a sympathetic friend.
	"Well," retorted Frank, "neither would Jennifer."
I want EARS!  I want two ROUND BLACK EARS to make me feel warm 'n secure!!
		Answers to Last Fortune's Questions:

	(1) None.  (Moses didn't have an ark).
	(2) Your mother, by the pigeonhole principle.
	(3) I don't know.
	(4) Who cares?
	(5) 6 (or maybe 4, or else 3).  Mr. Alfred J. Duncan of Podunk,
	    Montana, submitted an interesting solution to Problem 5.
	(6) There is an interesting solution to this problem on page 1029 of my
	    book, which you can pick up for $23.95 at finer bookstores and
	    bathroom supply outlets (or 99 cents at the table in front of
	    Papyrus Books).
It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he
holds back one who is hastening.  Rather one should befriend the guest who
is there, but speed him when he wishes.
		-- Homer, "The Odyssey"
 
	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to scheduling.]
You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
		-- H.L. Mencken, on Shakespeare
Xerox does it again and again and again and ...
Chivalry, Schmivalry!
	Roger the thief has a
	method he uses for
	sneaky attacks:
Folks who are reading are
	Characteristically
	Always Forgetting to
	Guard their own bac ...
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
		-- Pink Floyd
I hate dying.
		-- Dave Johnson
American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective employees
be honest and hardworking.  It has even stopped hoping for employees who are
educated enough that they can tell the difference between the men's room and
the women's room without having little pictures on the doors.
		-- Dave Barry, "Urine Trouble, Mister"
So you see Antonio, why worry about one little core dump, eh?  In reality
all core dumps happen at the same instant, so the core dump you will have
tomorrow, why, it already happened.  You see, it's just a little universal
recursive joke which threads our lives through the infinite potential of
the instant.  So go to sleep, Antonio, your thread could break any moment
and cast you out of the safe security of the instant into the dark void of
eternity, the anti-time.  So go to sleep...
Hmmm ... a PINHEAD, during an EARTHQUAKE, encounters an ALL-MIDGET
FIDDLE ORCHESTRA ... ha ... ha ...
"The great question... which I have not been able to answer... is, `What does 
woman want?'"
-- Sigmund Freud
	Everthing is farther away than it used to be.  It is even twice as
far to the corner and they have added a hill.  I have given up running for
the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
	It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old
days.  And have you noticed the smaller print they use in the newspapers?
	There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everbody
speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
	The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips
and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.  And the
sizes don't run the way they used to.  The 12's and 14's are so much smaller.
	Even people are changing.  They are so much younger than they used to
be when I was their age.  On  the other hand people my age are so much older
than I am.
	I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much
that she didn't recognize me.
	I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair
this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection.  Really now,
they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
		Sandy Frazier, "I Have Noticed"
Knowledge without common sense is folly.
Coach: Can I draw you a beer, Norm?
Norm:  No, I know what they look like.  Just pour me one.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How about a beer, Norm?
Norm:  Hey I'm high on life, Coach.  Of course, beer is my life.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How's a beer sound, Norm?
Norm:  I dunno.  I usually finish them before they get a word in.
		-- Cheers, Fortune and Men's Weights
"Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with 
the ideal never goes unpunished."
-- Goethe
I know it all.  I just can't remember it all at once.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
Progress was all right.  Only it went on too long.
		-- James Thurber
In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter
I've already got a female to worry about.  Her name is the Enterprise.
		-- Kirk, "The Corbomite Maneuver", stardate 1514.0
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
Roumanian-Yiddish cooking has killed more Jews than Hitler.
		-- Zero Mostel
Those who sweat in flames of hell,	Leaden eared, some thought their bowels
Here's the reason that they fell:	Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
While on earth they prayed in SAS,	These they offered up in praise
PL/1, or other crass,			Thinking all this fetid haze
Vulgar tongue.				A rapsody sung.

Some the lord did sorely try		Jabber of the mindless horde
Assembling all their pleas in hex.	Sequel next did mock the lord
Speech as crabbed as devil's crable	Slothful sequel so enfangled
Hex that marked on Tower Babel		Its speaker's lips became entangled
The highest rung.			In his bung.

Because in life they prayed so ill
And offered god such swinish swill
Now they sweat in flames of hell
Sweat from lack of APL
Sweat dung!
If God hadn't wanted you to be paranoid, He wouldn't have given you such
a vivid imagination.
"Largely because it is so tangible and exciting a program and as such will
serve to keep alive the interest and enthusiasm of the whole spectrum of
society...It is justified because...the program can give a sense of shared
adventure and achievement to the society at large."
- Dr. Colin S. Pittendrigh, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
BARRY ... That was the most HEART-WARMING rendition of "I DID IT MY
WAY" I've ever heard!!
Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
		-- Rudyard Kipling
"Gentlemen of the jury," said the defense attorney, now beginning
to warm to his summation, "the real question here before you is, shall this
beautiful young woman be forced to languish away her loveliest years in a 
dark prison cell?  Or shall she be set free to return to her cozy little 
apartment at 4134 Mountain Ave. -- there to spend her lonely, loveless hours
in her boudoir, lying beside her little Princess phone, 962-7873?"
HOST SYSTEM RESPONDING, PROBABLY UP...
Nothing, nothing, nothing, no error, no crime is so absolutely repugnant
to God as everything which is official; and why? because the official is
so impersonal and therefore the deepest insult which can be offered to a
personality.
		-- Soren Kierkegaard
Don't hit me!!  I'm in the Twilight Zone!!!
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
		-- Groucho Marx
Hmmm ... a PINHEAD, during an EARTHQUAKE, encounters an ALL-MIDGET
FIDDLE ORCHESTRA ... ha ... ha ...
Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the
former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.

Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and
reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.  In those days, spirits
were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women
and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri.  And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty
deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus
was the Empire forged.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
I simply try to aid in letting the light of historical truth into that
decaying mass of outworn thought which attaches the modern world to
medieval conceptions of Christianity, and which still lingers among us --
a most serious barrier to religion and morals, and a menace to the whole
normal evolution of society.
- Andrew D. White, author, first president of Cornell University, 1896
Yow!  Are you the self-frying president?
I'm in direct contact with many advanced fun CONCEPTS.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite
of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Shah, shah!  Ayatollah you so!
My own dear love, he is strong and bold
	And he cares not what comes after.
His words ring sweet as a chime of gold,
	And his eyes are lit with laughter.
He is jubilant as a flag unfurled --
	Oh, a girl, she'd not forget him.
My own dear love, he is all my world --
	And I wish I'd never met him.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 1
If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.
Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969
judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who
doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American
history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor
at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of
them put it, "We could not now take time for further consideration, our
victuals being spent and especially our beer."
	-- Felton & Fowler's Best, Worst & Most Unusual
optimist, n.:
	A proponent of the belief that black is white.

	A pessimist asked God for relief.
	"Ah, you wish me to restore your hope and cheerfulness," said God.
	"No," replied the petitioner, "I wish you to create something that
would justify them."
	"The world is all created," said God, "but you have overlooked
something -- the mortality of the optimist."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.
I don't have any use for bodyguards, but I do have a specific use for two
highly trained certified public accountants.
		-- Elvis Presley
You are a taxi driver.  Your cab is yellow and black, and has been in
use for only seven years.  One of its windshield wipers is broken, and
the carburetor needs adjusting.  The tank holds 20 gallons, but at the
moment is only three-quarters full.  How old is the taxi driver?"
To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convenient
solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
		-- H. Poincar'e
I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
		-- Groucho Marx
3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art
and display work.  This product is called "Craft Mount".  3M suggests
that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the
adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky."  I did not know what "aggressively
tacky" meant until I read today's fortune.

		[And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
		-- Meher Baba
No rock so hard but that a little wave
May beat admission in a thousand years.
		-- Tennyson
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from
the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; someone loaded Star
Trek 3.2 into our video processor.
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
		-- Shakespeare
Him:	"Your skin is so soft.  Are you a model?"
Her:	"No,"  [blush]  "I'm a cosmetologist."
Him:	"Really? That's incredible... It must be very tough to handle
	weightlessness."
		-- "The Jerk"
XIIdigitation, n.:
	The practice of trying to determine the year a movie was made
	by deciphering the Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
It was raining heavily, and the motorist had car trouble on a lonely country
road.  Anxious to find shelter for the night, he walked over to a farmhouse
and knocked on the front door.  No one responded.  He could feel the water
from the roof running down the back of his neck as he stood on the stoop.
The next time he knocked louder, but still no answer.  By now he was soaked
to the skin.  Desperately he pounded on the door.  At last the head of a
man appeared out of an upstairs window.
	"What do you want?" he asked gruffly.
	"My car broke down," said the traveler, "and I want to know if you
would let me stay here for the night."
	"Sure," replied the man. "If you want to stay there all night, it's
okay with me."
Ducharme's Precept:
	Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.

Ducharme's Axiom:
	If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize
	yourself as part of the problem.
I didn't like the play, but I saw it under adverse conditions.  The curtain
was up.
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on earth.
		-- John Lyly
The big question is why in the course of evolution the males permitted
themselves to be so totally eclipsed by the females.  Why do they tolerate
this total subservience, this wretched existence as outcasts who are
hungry all the time?
Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
		-- Onasander
I've been on this lonely road so long,
Does anybody know where it goes,
I remember last time the signs pointed home,
A month ago.
		-- Carpenters, "Road Ode"
Smile!  You're on Candid Camera.
When dreams become more important than reality, you give up travel,
building, creating; you even forget how to repair the machines left
behind by your ancestors.  You just sit living and reliving other lives
left behind in the thought records.
		-- Vina, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage"), stardate unknown
I'm a GENIUS!  I want to dispute sentence structure with SUSAN SONTAG!!
The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable
that I assume it must be evil.
		-- Heywood Broun
Data, n.:
	Computerspeak for "information".  Properly pronounced
	the way Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
		-- Ziggy
Heisengberg might have been here.
This fortune cookie program out of order.  For those in desperate need,
please use the program "________randchar".  This program generates random
characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come up with
something profound.  It will, however, take it no time at all to be
more profound than THIS program has ever been.
Help stamp out Mickey-Mouse computer interfaces -- Menus are for Restaurants!
An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
		-- Michael Korda
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
		-- Mark Twain "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"
Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
		-- The Adventurer
"Infidels in all ages have battled for the rights of man, and have at all times
been the fearless advocates of liberty and justice."
-- Robert Green Ingersoll
Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.
Please don't recommend me to your friends-- it's difficult enough to
cope with you alone.
Even historians fail to learn from history -- they repeat the same mistakes.
		-- John Gill, "Patterns of Force", stardate 2534.7
At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news
to the patients.  The doctor tells the intern "This man in 305 is going to
die in six months.  Go in and tell him."  The intern boldly walks into the
room, over to the man's bedisde and tells him "Seems like you're gonna die!"
The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot.  The doctor
grabs the intern and screams at him, "What!?!? are you some kind of moron?
You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject.  Now this man in
213 has about a week to live.  Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me,
gently!"
	The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily
opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs
his pillow and wishes him a "Good morning!"  "Wonderful day, no?  Say...
guess who's going to die soon!"
Loud burping while walking around the airport is prohibited in Halstead, Kansas.
Many people resent being treated like the person they really are.
Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
Random, n.:
	As in number, predictable.  As in memory access, unpredictable.
"Been through Hell?  Whaddya bring back for me?"
-- A. Brilliant
Weekends were made for programming.
- Karl Lehenbauer
The temperature of Heaven can be rather accurately computed from available
data.  Our authority is Isaiah 30:26, "Moreover, the light of the Moon
shall be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun shall be sevenfold,
as the light of seven days."  Thus Heaven receives from the Moon as much
radiation as we do from the Sun, and in addition seven times seven (49) times
as much as the Earth does from the Sun, or fifty times in all.  The light we
receive from the Moon is one ten-thousandth of the light we receive from the
Sun, so we can ignore that.  With these data we can compute the temperature
of Heaven.  The radiation falling on Heaven will heat it to the point where
the heat lost by radiation is just equal to the heat received by radiation,
i.e., Heaven loses fifty times as much heat as the Earth by radiation.  Using
the Stefan-Boltzmann law for radiation, (H/E)^4 = 50, where E is the absolute
temperature of the earth (-300K), gives H as 798K (525C).  The exact
temperature of Hell cannot be computed, but it must be less than 444.6C, the
temperature at which brimstone or sulphur changes from a liquid to a gas.
Revelations 21:8 says "But the fearful, and unbelieving ... shall have their
part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone."  A lake of molten
brimstone means that its temperature must be at or below the boiling point,
or 444.6C  (Above this point it would be a vapor, not a lake.)  We have,
then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C.
		-- "Applied Optics", vol. 11, A14, 1972
The person who marries for money usually earns every penny of it.
We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
		-- Pink Floyd
Q:	How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those
	Californians trying to share the experience.
The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have yet to learn
-- only the savage fears what he does not understand.
		-- The Silver Surfer
Politician:  An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of
organized society is reared.  When he wriggles he mistakes the agitation of
his tail for the trembling of the edifice.  As compared with the statesman,
he suffers the disadvantage of being alive.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Yow!
Remember the... the... uhh.....
	How many seconds are there in a year?  If I tell you there  are
3.155  x  10^7, you won't even try to remember it.  On the other hand,
who could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a
nanocentury.
		-- Tom Duff, Bell Labs
Don't steal... the IRS hates competition!
"Aww, if you make me cry anymore, you'll fog up my helmet."
-- "Visionaries" cartoon
"Call immediately.  Time is running out.  We both need to do something
monstrous before we die."
-- Message from Ralph Steadman to Hunter Thompson
Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
		-- D. Gries
In real love you want the other person's good.  In romantic love you
want the other person.
		-- Margaret Anderson
Honesty's the best policy.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
		-- Maya Angelou, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings"
Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking
process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical
attention to detail.  It requires intelligence, dedication, and an
enormous amount of hard work.  But, a certain amount of unpredictable
and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference
between adequacy and excellence.
At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is
not.  But obviously it cannot be where it is not.  And if it is where
it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest.
		-- Zeno's paradox of the moving (still?) arrow
You can't run away forever,
But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start.
		-- Jim Steinman, "Rock and Roll Dreams Come Through"
Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal.
		-- Lionel Trilling
Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.
Tehee quod she, and clapte the wyndow to.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer
"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not
Compute' -- I forget which."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
Most of your faults are not your fault.
"Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit!"
-- Looney Tunes, "What's Opera Doc?" (1957, Chuck Jones)
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.
If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing
of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur
of this life.
		-- Albert Camus
You may already be a loser.
		-- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield.
Meader's Law:
	Whatever happens to you, it will previously
	have happened to everyone you know, only more so.
The Beatles:
	Paul McCartney's old back-up band.
One seldom sees a monument to a committee.
A woman forgives the audacity of which her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
		-- LeSage
This is an especially good time for you vacationers who plan to fly, because
the Reagan administration, as part of the same policy under which it
recently sold Yellowstone National Park to Wayne Newton, has "deregulated"
the airline industry.  What this means for you, the consumer, is that the
airlines are no longer required to follow any rules whatsoever.  They can
show snuff movies.  They can charge for oxygen.  They can hire pilots right
out of Vending Machine Refill Person School.  They can conserve fuel by
ejecting husky passengers over water.  They can ram competing planes in
mid-air.  These innovations have resulted in tremendous cost savings which
have been passed along to you, the consumer, in the form of flights with
amazingly low fares, such as $29.  Of course, certain restrictions do apply,
the main one being that all these flights take you to Newark, and you must
pay thousands of dollars if you want to fly back out.
		-- Dave Barry, "Iowa -- Land of Secure Vacations"
The Man Who Almost Invented The Vacuum Cleaner
	The man officially credited with inventing the vacuum cleaner is
Hubert Cecil Booth.  However, he got the idea from a man who almost
invented it.  
	In 1901 Booth visited a London music-hall.  On the bill was an
American inventor with his wonder machine for removing dust from carpets.
	The machine comprised a box about one foot square with a bag on top.
After watching the act -- which made everyone in the front six rows sneeze
-- Booth went round to the inventor's dressing room.
	"It should suck not blow," said Booth, coming straight to the
point.  "Suck?", exclaimed the enraged inventor.  "Your machine just moves
the dust around the room," Booth informed him.  "Suck?  Suck?  Sucking is
not possible," was the inventor's reply and he stormed out.  Booth proved
that it was by the simple expedient of kneeling down, pursing his lips and
sucking the back of an armchair.  "I almost choked," he said afterwards.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Wharbat darbid yarbou sarbay?
	   THE DAILY PLANET

	SUPERMAN SAVES DESSERT!
	Plans to "Eat it later"
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec
To any truly impartial person, it would be obvious that I am always right.
Ah, but the choice of dreams to live,
there's the rub.

For all dreams are not equal,
some exit to nightmare
most end with the dreamer

But at least one must be lived ... and died.
"You can't teach people to be lazy - either they have it, or they don't."
		-- Dagwood Bumstead
Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.
The good life was so elusive
It really got me down
I had to regain some confidence
So I got into camouflage
	The birds are singing, the flowers are budding, and it is time
for Miss Manners to tell young lovers to stop necking in public.
	It's not that Miss Manners is immune to romance.  Miss Manners
has been known to squeeze a gentleman's arm while being helped over a
curb, and, in her wild youth, even to press a dainty slipper against a
foot or two under the dinner table.  Miss Manners also believes that the
sight of people strolling hand in hand or arm in arm or arm in hand
dresses up a city considerably more than the more familiar sight of
people shaking umbrellas at one another.  What Miss Manners objects to
is the kind of activity that frightens the horses on the street...
Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
		-- Sextus Aurelius
Who is D.B. Cooper, and where is he now?
Random, n.:
	As in number, predictable.  As in memory access, unpredictable.
Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents'
shortcomings.
		-- Laurence J. Peter, "Peter's Principles"
When the Universe was not so out of whack as it is today, and all the
stars were lined up in their proper places, you could easily count them
from left to right, or top to bottom, and the larger and bluer ones were
set apart, and the smaller yellowing types pushed off to the corners as
bodies of a lower grade ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
e-credibility: the non-guaranteeable likelihood that the electronic data 
you're seeing is genuine rather than somebody's made-up crap.
- Karl Lehenbauer
Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.
Q:	"What is the burning question on the mind of every dyslexic
	existentialist?"
A:	"Is there a dog?"
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher
esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
		-- Nietzsche
Kington's Law of Perforation:
	If a straight line of holes is made in a piece of paper, such
	as a sheet of stamps or a check, that line becomes the strongest
	part of the paper.
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?
It is better to remain childless than to father an orphan.
Where's SANDY DUNCAN?
The net of law is spread so wide,
No sinner from its sweep may hide.
Its meshes are so fine and strong,
They take in every child of wrong.
O wondrous web of mystery!
Big fish alone escape from thee!
		-- James Jeffrey Roche
Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.
	"Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr. Holmes ?"
	"The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime."
	"But the dog did nothing in the nighttime."
	"That was the curious incident."
		-- A. Conan Doyle, "Silver Blaze"
They took some of the Van Goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!
The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
		-- Governor Tarkin
You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell
THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time
to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the floor.

"Sorry," he said with a smile.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
	Wouldn't the sentence "I want to put a hyphen between the words Fish
and And and And and Chips in my Fish-And-Chips sign" have been clearer if
quotation marks had been placed before Fish, and between Fish and and, and
and and And, and And and and, and and and And, and And and and, and and and
Chips, as well as after Chips?
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition.
You know you're in a small town when...
	You don't use turn signals because everybody knows where you're going.
	You're born on June 13 and your family receives gifts from the local
		merchants because you're the first baby of the year.
	Everyone knows whose credit is good, and whose wife isn't.
	You speak to each dog you pass, by name... and he wags his tail.
	You dial the wrong number, and talk for 15 minutes anyway.
	You write a check on the wrong bank and it covers you anyway.
An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
A pessimist is a married optimist.
You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
		-- Philip Whalen
There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
		-- Henry Kissinger
...this is an awesome sight.  The entire rebel resistance buried under six
million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
- The Firesign Theater
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands, meet exciting interesting people,
and kill them.
UNIX is many things to many people, but it's never been everything to anybody.
You're at Witt's End.
The Great Movie Posters:

They hungered for her treasure!  And died for her pleasure!
SEE Man-Fish Battle Shark-Man-Killer!
		-- The Golden Mistress (1954)

See Jane Russell in 3-D; She'll Knock Both Your Eyes Out!
		-- The French Line (1954)

See Jane Russell Shake Her Tamborines... and Drive Cornel WILDE!
		-- Hot Blood (1956)
Will the third world war keep "Bosom Buddies" off the air?
Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
"Athens built the Acropolis.  Corinth was a commercial city, interested in
purely materialistic things.  Today we admire Athens, visit it, preserve the
old temples, yet we hardly ever set foot in Corinth."
- Dr. Harold Urey, Nobel Laureate in chemistry
Said the attractive, cigar-smoking housewife to her girl-friend: "I got
started one night when George came home and found one burning in the ashtray."
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
		-- Charlie McCarthy
A wife lasts only for the length of the marriage, but an ex-wife is there
*for the rest of your life*.
		-- Jim Samuels
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
		-- Don Vonada
The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.
Engram, n.:
	1. The physical manifestation of human memory -- "the engram."
2. A particular memory in physical form.  [Usage note:  this term is no longer
in common use.  Prior to Wilson and Magruder's historic discovery, the nature
of the engram was a topic of intense speculation among neuroscientists,
psychologists, and even computer scientists.  In 1994 Professors M. R. Wilson
and W. V. Magruder, both of Mount St. Coax University in Palo Alto, proved
conclusively that the mammalian brain is hardwired to interpret a set of
thirty seven genetically transmitted cooperating TECO macros.  Human memory
was shown to reside in 1 million Q-registers as Huffman coded uppercase-only
ASCII strings.  Interest in the engram has declined substantially since that
time.]
		-- New Century Unabridged English Dictionary,
		   3rd edition, 2007 A.D.
"I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital.  On the other
hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out."
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
		-- Salvor Hardin
Long were the days of pain I have spent within its walls, and
long were the nights of aloneness; and who can depart from his
pain and his aloneness without regret?
		-- Kahlil Gibran, "The Prophet"
Gratitude and treachery are merely the two extremities of the same procession. 
You have seen all of it that is worth staying for when the band and the gaudy
officials have gone by.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2
Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot
talk about after dinner.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"
Neckties strangle clear thinking.
		-- Lin Yutang
In vino veritas.
	[In wine there is truth.]
		-- Pliny
RELATIVES!!
Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.
My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say.
And then say it with the utmost levity.
		-- G.B. Shaw
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government
working for you.
		-- Will Rogers
cerebral atrophy, n:
	The phenomena which occurs as brain cells become weak and sick, and
impair the brain's performance.  An abundance of these "bad" cells can cause
symptoms related to senility, apathy, depression, and overall poor academic
performance.  A certain small number of brain cells will deteriorate due to
everday activity, but large amounts are weakened by intense mental effort
and the assimilation of difficult concepts.  Many college students become
victims of this dread disorder due to poor habits such as overstudying.

cerebral darwinism, n:
	The theory that the effects of cerebral atrophy can be reversed
through the purging action of heavy alcohol consumption.  Large amounts of
alcohol cause many brain cells to perish due to oxygen deprivation.  Through
the process of natural selection, the weak and sick brain cells will die
first, leaving only the healthy cells.  This wonderful process leaves the
imbiber with a healthier, more vibrant brain, and increases mental capacity.
Thus, the devastating effects of cerebral atrophy are reversed, and academic
performance actually increases beyond previous levels.
OS/2 must die!
I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
		-- John Foreman
Peers's Law:
	The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
I never take work home with me; I always leave it in some bar along the way.
Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar
without his duck ...
Etiquette is for those with no breeding; fashion for those with no taste.
I remember once being on a station platform in Cleveland at four in the
morning.  A black porter was carrying my bags, and as we were waiting for
the train to come in, he said to me: "Excuse me, Mr. Cooke, I don't want to
invade your privacy, but I have a bet with a friend of mine.  Who composed
the opening theme music of 'Omnibus'?  My friend said Virgil Thomson."  I
asked him, "What do you say?" He replied, "I say Aaron Copeland." I said,
"You're right."  The porter said,  "I knew Thomson doesn't write counterpoint
that way."  I told that to a network president, and he was deeply unimpressed.
		-- Alistair Cooke
He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
		-- Scottish proverb.
It is like saying that for the cause of peace, God and the Devil will
have a high-level meeting.
		-- Rev. Carl McIntire, on Nixon's China trip
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
		-- Anatole France
Don't vote -- it only encourages them!
Yow!  It's a hole all the way to downtown Burbank!
Toes, knees, NIPPLES.  Toes, knees, nipples, KNUCKLES ...
Nipples, dimples, knuckles, NICKLES, wrinkles, pimples!!
The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to
be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to
be less cunning than more virtuous men.  Oh yes ... whenever you think
you've got something really great, add ten per cent more.
		-- Bill Veeck
Kliban's First Law of Dining:
	Never eat anything bigger than your head.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Laurie Anderson
Worst Vegetable of the Year:
	The brussels sprout.  This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
		-- Steve Rubenstein
"Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even
one which cannot be justified on any other grounds."
		-- J. Finnegan, USC.
... the HIGHWAY is made out of LIME JELLO and my HONDA is a barbequeued
OYSTER!  Yum!
Pickle's Law:
	If Congress must do a painful thing,
	the thing must be done in an odd-number year.
The Great Movie Posters:

SEE rebel guerrillas torn apart by trucks!
SEE corpses cut to pieces and fed to dogs and vultures!
SEE the monkey trained to perform nursing duties for her paralyzed owner!
		-- Sweet and Savage (1983)

What a Guy!  What a Gal!  What a Pair!
		-- Stroker Ace (1983)

It's always better when you come again!
		-- Porky's II: The Next Day (1983)

You Don't Have to Go to Texas for a Chainsaw Massacre!
		-- Pieces (1983)
Who are the artists in the Computer Graphics Show?  Wavefront's latest box, or 
the people who programmed it?  Should Mandelbrot get all the credit for the 
output of programs like MandelVroom?
-- Peter da Silva
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
		-- Don Vonada
To get something clean, one has to get something dirty.
To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.
"Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will
fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines."
-- Bertrand Russell
Copying machine, n.:
	A device that shreds paper, flashes mysteriously coded messages,
	and makes duplicates for everyone in the office who isn't
	interested in reading them.
Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his 
barstool and lay motionless on the floor.
	"One thing about Jim," the other said to the bartender, "he sure
knows when to stop."
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more
"user-friendly".  ...  Their best approach, so far, has been to take all
the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover.
		-- Bill Gates, Microsoft, Inc.
	[Pot. Kettle. Black.]
Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Ignoring his department chief, and tying his assistant to an operating
table to prevent her interference, he placed a ureteral catheter into
a vein in his arm, advanced it to the right atrium [of his heart], and
walked upstairs to the x-ray department where he took the confirmatory
x-ray film.  In 1956, Dr. Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.
"Let's not be too tough on our own ignorance.  It's the thing that makes
 America great.  If America weren't incomparably ignorant, how could we
 have tolerated the last eight years?"
-- Frank Zappa, Feb 1, 1989
Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to
change his bed.
		-- Charles Baudelaire
Slowly and surely the unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...
If I am elected, the concrete barriers around the WHITE HOUSE will be
replaced by tasteful foam replicas of ANN MARGARET!
A billion here, a billion there -- pretty soon it adds up to real money.
		-- Sen. Everett Dirksen, on the U.S. defense budget
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
		-- Steven Wright
Q:	What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a
	lawyer, and believes in social causes?
A:	A failure.
I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
		-- John Donne
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.
"Trust me.  I know what I'm doing."
-- Sledge Hammer
To err is human,
To purr feline.
		-- Robert Byrne
I don't know anything about music.  In my line you don't have to.
		-- Elvis Presley
Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
		-- Edgar W. Howe
"But this one goes to eleven."
-- Nigel Tufnel
Armor's Axiom:
	Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.
Scientists still know less about what attracts men than they do about
what attracts mosquitoes.
		-- Dr. Joyce Brothers,
		"What Every Woman Should Know About Men"
Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein
"It was the Law of the Sea, they said.	Civilization ends at the waterline.
Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top."
- Hunter S. Thompson
Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.
A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
		-- Publilius Syrus
If Dr. Seuss Were a Technical Writer.....

Here's an easy game to play.
Here's an easy thing to say:

If a packet hits a pocket on a socket on a port,
And the bus is interrupted as a very last resort,
And the address of the memory makes your floppy disk abort, 
Then the socket packet pocket has an error to report!

If your cursor finds a menu item followed by a dash,
And the double-clicking icon puts your window in the trash, 
And your data is corrupted 'cause the index doesn't hash, 
then your situation's hopeless, and your system's gonna crash!

You can't say this?  What a shame, sir!
We'll find you another game, sir.

If the label on the cable on the table at your house,
Says the network is connected to the button on your mouse, 
But your packets want to tunnel on another protocol,
That's repeatedly rejected by the printer down the hall,
And your screen is all distorted by the side effects of gauss,
So your icons in the window are as wavy as a souse,
Then you may as well reboot and go out with a bang,
'Cause as sure as I'm a poet, the sucker's gonna hang!

When the copy of your floppy's getting sloppy on the disk, 
And the microcode instructions cause unnecessary risc, 
Then you have to flash your memory and you'll want to ram your rom.
Quickly turn off the computer and be sure to tell your mom!

		-- DementDJ@ccip.perkin-elmer.com (DementDJ) [rec.humor.funny]
Say!  You've struck a heap of trouble--
Bust in business, lost your wife;
No one cares a cent about you,
You don't care a cent for life;
Hard luck has of hope bereft you,
Health is failing, wish you'd die--
Why, you've still the sunshine left you
And the big blue sky.
		-- R.W. Service
I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
		-- D. Cavett
In space, no one can hear you fart.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
		-- Wernher von Braun
Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?"
Yogi Berra:  "You mean now?"
When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.
They will only cause the lower classes to move about needlessly.
		-- The Duke of Wellington, on early steam railroads.
gleemites, n.:
	Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Although written many years ago, Lady Chatterley's Lover has just been
reissued by the Grove Press, and this pictorial account of the
day-to-day life of an English gamekeeper is full of considerable
interest to outdoor minded readers, as it contains many passages on
pheasant-raising, the apprehending of poachers, ways to control vermin,
and other chores and duties of the professional gamekeeper.
Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade through many pages of extraneous
material in order to discover and savour those sidelights on the
management of a midland shooting estate, and in this reviewer's opinion
the book cannot take the place of J. R. Miller's "Practical Gamekeeping."
		-- Ed Zern, "Field and Stream" (Nov. 1959)
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
- Al Capone
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs.  The trick is to make one with none.
Main's Law:
	For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.
It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg
Say it with flowers,
Or say it with mink,
But whatever you do,
Don't say it with ink!
		-- Jimmie Durante
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
Men will always be men -- no matter where they are.
		-- Harry Mudd, "Mudd's Women", stardate 1329.8
f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
You can't hurt me!!  I have an ASSUMABLE MORTGAGE!!
You may already be a loser.
		-- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield.
Xerox does it again and again and again and ...
A man usually falls in love with a woman who asks the kinds of questions
he is able to answer.
		-- Ronald Colman
		 (  /\__________/\  )
		  \(^ @___..___@ ^)/
		   /\ (\/\/\/\/) /\
		  /  \(/\/\/\/\)/  \
		-(    """"""""""    )
		  \      _____      /
		  (     /(   )\     )
		  _)   (_V) (V_)   (_
		 (V)(V)(V)   (V)(V)(V)
Quit worrying about your health.  It'll go away.
		-- Robert Orben
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is
oblivion.
		-- Mark Twain
Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be
tolerated until they acquire some sense.
		-- William Phelps
Q:	Know what the difference between your latest project
	and putting wings on an elephant is?
A:	Who knows?  The elephant *might* fly, heh, heh...
Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
		-- Edgar W. Howe
The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
		-- Andre Malraux
'On this point we want to be perfectly clear: socialism has nothing to do
with equalizing.  Socialism cannot ensure conditions of life and 
consumption in accordance with the principle "From each according to his 
ability, to each according to his needs."  This will be under communism.
Socialism has a different criterion for distributing social benefits:
"From each according to his ability, to each according to his work."'
-- Mikhail Gorbachev, _Perestroika_
They finally got King Midas, I hear.  Gild by association.
Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days, but left to itself,
a cold will hang on for a week.
		-- Darrell Huff
There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.
There was this New Yorker that had a lifelong ambition to be an Texan.
Fortunately, he had an Texan friend and went to him for advice.  "Mike,
you know I've always wanted to be a Texan.  You're a *____real* Texan, what
should I do?"
	"Well," answered Mike, "The first thing you've got to do is look
like a Texan.  That means you have to dress right.  The second thing
you've got to do is speak in a southern drawl."
	"Thanks, Mike, I'll give it a try," replied the New Yorker.
	A few weeks passed and the New Yorker saunters into a store dressed
in a ten-gallon hat, cowboy boots, Levi jeans and a bandanna.  "Hey, there,
pardner, I'd like some beef, not too rare, and some of them fresh biscuits,"
he tells the counterman.
	The guy behind the counter takes a long look at him and then says,
"You must be from New York."
	The New Yorker blushes, and says, "Well, yes, I am.  How did
you know?"
	"Because this is a hardware store."
They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton
When you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself
Americanized.
You are capable of planning your future.
"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And make errors few people could bear;
You complain about everyone's English but yours --
	Do you really think this is quite fair?"

"I make lots of mistakes," Father William declared,
	"But my stature these days is so great
That no critic can hurt me -- I've got them all scared,
	And to stop me it's now far too late."
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who constantly
divide the people of the world into two classes and those who do not.
		-- Robert Benchley
FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL:		#44
	Zebras are colored with dark stripes on a light background.
Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Sentient plasmoids are a gas.
And if California slides into the ocean,
Like the mystics and statistics say it will.
I predict this motel will be standing,
Until I've paid my bill.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Desperados Under the Eaves"
Q:	What's the difference between a duck and an elephant?
A:	You can't get down off an elephant.
	Price Wang's programmer was coding software.  His fingers danced upon
the keyboard.  The program compiled without an error message, and the program
ran like a gentle wind.
	Excellent!" the Price exclaimed, "Your technique is faultless!"
	"Technique?" said the programmer, turning from his terminal, "What I
follow is the Tao -- beyond all technique.  When I first began to program I
would see before me the whole program in one mass.  After three years I no
longer saw this mass.  Instead, I used subroutines.  But now I see nothing.
My whole being exists in a formless void.  My senses are idle.  My spirit,
free to work without a plan, follows its own instinct.  In short, my program
writes itself.  True, sometimes there are difficult problems.  I see them
coming, I slow down, I watch silently.  Then I change a single line of code
and the difficulties vanish like puffs of idle smoke.  I then compile the
program.  I sit still and let the joy of the work fill my being.  I close my
eyes for a moment and then log off."
	Price Wang said, "Would that all of my programmers were as wise!"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky
You ask what a nice girl will do?  She won't give an inch, but she won't
say no.
		-- Marcus Valerius Martialis
If ever the pleasure of one has to be bought by the pain of the other, there
better be no trade.  A trade by which one gains and the other loses is a fraud.
		-- Dagny Taggart, "Atlas Shrugged"
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.
Rascal, am I?  Take THAT!
		-- Errol Flynn
Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.
Regression analysis:
	Mathematical techniques for trying to understand why things are
	getting worse.
Television has brought back murder into the home -- where it belongs.
	-- Alfred Hitchcock
I'd just as soon kiss a Wookie.
		-- Princess Leia Organa
As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs;
a process that traditionally requires some debugging.
		-- USA Today, referring to the Internal Revenue Service
		   conversion to a new computer system.
QOTD:
	"I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality."
Gravity:
	What you get when you eat too much and too fast.
Old age is always fifteen years old than I am.
		-- B. Baruch
When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.
Pudder's Law:
	Anything that begins well will end badly.
	(Note: The converse of Pudder's law is not true.)
My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems,
and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.  ...  We should be
reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is indifferent
to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not
we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand,
slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point
from which we can explore and understand and utilize it. To turn back now
would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
		-- James A. Michener
I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the
reader.  But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if
I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
		-- Stephen King
Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but ...
	-- I have to floss my cat.
	-- I've dedicated my life to linguini.
	-- I need to spend more time with my blender.
	-- it wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful People.
	-- it's my night to pet the dog/ferret/goldfish.
	-- I'm going downtown to try on some gloves.
	-- I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products.
	-- I'm going down to the bakery to watch the buns rise.
	-- I have an appointment with a cuticle specialist.
	-- I have some really hard words to look up.
	-- I've got a Friends of the Lowly Rutabaga meeting.
	-- I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
I'm often asked the question, "Do you think there is extraterrestrial intelli-
gence?"  I give the standard arguments -- there are a lot of places out there,
and use the word *billions*, and so on.  And then I say it would be astonishing
to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as
yet no compelling evidence for it.  And then I'm asked, "Yeah, but what do you
really think?"  I say, "I just told you what I really think."  "Yeah, but 
what's your gut feeling?"  But I try not to think with my gut.  Really, it's
okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in.
- Carl Sagan, The Burden Of Skepticism, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. 12, Fall 87
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi
Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim
And earthquakes only terrify the dolts,
And to him who's scientific
There is nothing that's terrific
In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
		-- W.S. Gilbert, "The Mikado"
All constants are variables.
Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal.
		-- Zaphod Beeblebrox
It's so confusing choosing sides in the heat of the moment,
	just to see if it's real,
Oooh, it's so erotic having you tell me how it should feel,
But I'm avoiding all the hard cold facts that I got to face,
So ask me just one question when this magic night is through,
Could it have been just anyone or did it have to be you?
		-- Billy Joel, "Glass Houses"
Gold's Law:
	If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
MIPS:
	Meaningless Indicator of Processor Speed
A well-known friend is a treasure.
If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job.
Let's hear it for OSI and X!  With those babies in the wings, we can count
on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening,
paper folding, or something.
		-- C. Philip Wood
"Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.	 If your ideas are any good, 
you'll have to ram them down people's throats."
 -- Howard Aiken
	Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property
of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane
complexities.  Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to
obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
	Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is
available to anyone.
		-- Tom Weller, "Science Made Stupid"
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
		-- Harry Truman
Whatever doesn't succeed in two months and a half in California will
never succeed.
		-- Rev. Henry Durant, founder of the University of California
	page 46
...a report citing a study by Dr. Thomas C. Chalmers, of the Mount Sinai
Medical Center in New York, which compared two groups that were being used
to test the theory that ascorbic acid is a cold preventative.  "The group
on placebo who thought they were on ascorbic acid," says Dr. Chalmers,
"had fewer colds than the group on ascorbic acid who thought they were
on placebo."
	page 56
The placebo is proof that there is no real separation between mind and body.
Illness is always an interaction between both.  It can begin in the mind and
affect the body, or it can begin in the body and affect the mind, both of
which are served by the same bloodstream.  Attempts to treat most mental
diseases as though they were completely free of physical causes and attempts
to treat most bodily diseases as though the mind were in no way involved must
be considered archaic in the light of new evidence about the way the human
body functions.
		-- Norman Cousins,
		"Anatomy of an Illness as Perceived by the Patient"
Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
		-- P.J. Denning
Remember, drive defensively! And of course, the best defense is a good offense!
He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.
A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.
Hand me a pair of leather pants and a CASIO keyboard -- I'm living for today!
We was playin' the Homestead Grays in the city of Pitchburgh.  Josh [Gibson]
comes up in the last of the ninth with a man on and us a run behind.  Well,
he hit one.  The Grays waited around and waited around, but finally the
empire rules it ain't comin' down.  So we win.  The next day, we was disputin'
the Grays in Philadelphia when here come a ball outta the sky right in the
glove of the Grays' center fielder.  The empire made the only possible call.
"You're out, boy!" he says to Josh.  "Yesterday, in Pitchburgh."
		-- Satchel Paige
"It's in process":
	So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.
Leona, I want to CONFESS things to you ... I want to WRAP you in a SCARLET
ROBE trimmed with POLYVINYL CHLORIDE ... I want to EMPTY your ASHTRAYS ...
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them
seemed to come from Texas.
		-- Ian Fleming, "Casino Royale"
Finagle's Seventh Law:
	The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.
I don't believe there really IS a GAS SHORTAGE.. I think it's all just
a BIG HOAX on the part of the plastic sign salesmen -- to sell more numbers!!
A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.
They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom for trying to change the
system from within.  I'm coming now I'm coming to reward them.  First
we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.

I'm guided by a signal in the heavens.  I'm guided by this birthmark on
my skin.  I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons.  First we take Manhattan,
then we take Berlin.

I'd really like to live beside you, baby.  I love your body and your spirit
and your clothes.  But you see that line there moving through the station?
I told you I told you I told you I was one of those.
	-- Leonard Cohen, "First We Take Manhattan"
The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.
Ya'll hear about the geometer who went to the beach to catch some
rays and became a tangent ?
Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
		-- Wernher von Braun
"Here comes Mr. Bill's dog."
-- Narrator, Saturday Night Live
"I just want to be a good engineer."
-- Steve Wozniak, co-founder of Apple Computer, concluding his keynote speech 
   at the 1988 AppleFest
Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed 
to be doing at the moment.
		-- Robert Benchley
If there was any justice in the world, "trust" would be a four-letter word.
I've always made it a solemn practice to never drink anything stronger
than tequila before breakfast.
		-- R. Nesson
Faster, faster, you fool, you fool!
		-- Bill Cosby
The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence,
and the second the triumph of hope over experience.
The way I understand it, the Russians are sort of a combination of evil and
incompetence... sort of like the Post Office with tanks.
		-- Emo Philips
I see the eigenvalue in thine eye,
I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh.
Bernoulli would have been content to die
Had he but known such _a-squared cos 2(phi)!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
If we see the light at the end of the tunnel, it's the light of an
oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell
A plethora of individuals with expertise in culinary techniques contaminate
the potable concoction produced by steeping certain edible nutriments.
VMS version 2.0 ==>
Graduate students and most professors are no smarter than undergrads.
They're just older.
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an
elephant.
There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect the
sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the sunlight that
hits your neighbors' homes, too.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"
Conference, n.:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.
The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of
the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at
her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic
Handsomas roared, 'Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my
steel through your last meal!'
		-- Winning sentence, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must be just a few
simple heuristics you have to remember...

Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick
your hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as
Mental Anguish.  You would sue:

* The toaster manufacturer, for failure to include, in the instructions
  section that says you should never never never ever stick you hand
  into the toaster, the statement "Not even if your wedding ring falls
  in there".

* The store where you bought the toaster, for selling it to an obvious
  cretin like yourself.

* Union Carbide Corporation, which is not directly responsible in this
  case, but which is feeling so guilty that it would probably send you
  a large cash settlement anyway.
		-- Dave Barry
When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.
"I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums."
		-- Steven Wright
Yes, many primitive people still believe this myth...But in today's technical 
vastness of the future, we can guess that surely things were much different.
- The Firesign Theater
"Every man has his price.  Mine is $3.95."
Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to
twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!
It's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing.
No man's ambition has a right to stand in the way of performing a simple
act of justice.
		-- John Altgeld
In the Halls of Justice the only justice is in the halls.
		-- Lenny Bruce
"All snakes who wish to remain in Ireland will please raise their right hands."
		-- Saint Patrick
Gay shlafen:  Yiddish for "go to sleep".

Now doesn't "gay shlafen" have a softer, more soothing sound than the
harsh, staccato "go to sleep"?  Listen to the difference:
	"Go to sleep, you little wretch!" ... "Gay shlafen, darling."
Obvious, isn't it?
	Clearly the best thing you can do for you children is to start
speaking Yiddish right now and never speak another word of English as
long as you live.  This will, of course, entail teaching Yiddish to all
your friends, business associates, the people at the supermarket, and
so on, but that's just the point.  It has to start with committed
individuals and then grow....
	Some minor adjustments will have to be made, of course: those
signs written in what look like Yiddish letters won't be funny when
everything is written in Yiddish.  And we'll have to start driving on
the left side of the road so we won't be reading the street signs
backwards.  But is that too high a price to pay for world peace?
I think not, my friend, I think not.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.
I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees.  And I want to
thank everyone for making this night necessary.
		-- Yogi Berra at a dinner in his honor
If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would
suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra.  But it is only
fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966,
only two went back to women.
		-- Mort Sahl
Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.
Freedom from incrustation of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
Honk if you hate bumper stickers that say "Honk if ..."
If parents would only realize how they bore their children.
		-- G.B. Shaw
And as we stand on the edge of darkness
Let our chant fill the void
That others may know

	In the land of the night
	The ship of the sun
	Is drawn by
	The grateful dead.
		-- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.
The heaviest object in the world is the body of the woman you have ceased
to love.
		-- Marquis de Lac de Clapiers Vauvenargues
The existence of god implies a violation of causality.
While he was in New York on location for _Bronco Billy_ (1980), Clint
Eastwood agreed to a television interview.  His host, somewhat hostile,
began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless,
lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to
define a Clint Eastwood picture.  "To me," said Eastwood calmly, "what
a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in."
		-- Boller and Davis, "Hollywood Anecdotes"
Heisenberg may have been here.
work, n.:
	The blessed respite from screaming kids and
	soap operas for which you actually get paid.
As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless; and
considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to be childless.

The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless,
a separation.
		-- Lord Chesterfield, letter to his son, 1763
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity.  Another man's, I mean.
		-- Mark Twain
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick
your hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as
Mental Anguish.  You would sue:

* The toaster manufacturer, for failure to include, in the instructions
  section that says you should never never never ever stick you hand
  into the toaster, the statement "Not even if your wedding ring falls
  in there".

* The store where you bought the toaster, for selling it to an obvious
  cretin like yourself.

* Union Carbide Corporation, which is not directly responsible in this
  case, but which is feeling so guilty that it would probably send you
  a large cash settlement anyway.
		-- Dave Barry
We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful --
but those are only handicaps.  Our pride is that nevertheless, now and
then, we do our best.  A few times we succeed.  What more dare we ask for?
		-- Ensign Flandry
A cousin of mine once said about money,
money is always there but the pockets change;
it is not in the same pockets after a change,
and that is all there is to say about money.
		-- Gertrude Stein
Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
Promising costs nothing, it's the delivering that kills you.
	A novice asked the master: "I perceive that one computer company is
much larger than all others.  It towers above its competition like a giant
among dwarfs.  Any one of its divisions could comprise an entire business.
Why is this so?"
	The master replied, "Why do you ask such foolish questions?  That
company is large because it is so large.  If it only made hardware, nobody
would buy it.  If it only maintained systems, people would treat it like a
servant.  But because it combines all of these things, people think it one
of the gods!  By not seeking to strive, it conquers without effort."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
		-- Dawkins
if it GLISTENS, gobble it!!
Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.
War is like love, it always finds a way.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Mother Courage"
Love is sentimental measles.
The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.
wok, n.:
	Something to thwow at a wabbit.
Rule the Empire through force.
		-- Shogun Tokugawa
One of the rules of Busmanship, New York style, is never surrender your
seat to another passenger.  This may seem callous, but it is the best
way, really.  If one passenger were to give a seat to someone who fainted
in the aisle, say, the others on the bus would become disoriented and
imagine they were in Topeka Kansas.
Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Ladybug, ladybug,
Look to your stern!
Your house is on fire,
Your children will burn!
So jump ye and sing, for
The very first time
The four lines above
Have been put into rhyme.
		-- Walt Kelly
Every man who is high up likes to think that he has done it all himself,
and the wife smiles and lets it go at that.
		-- Barrie
I'm not an Iranian!!  I voted for Dianne Feinstein!!
Are we live or on tape?
QOTD:
	"I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza... I might play
	golf with her, but I wouldn't marry her!"
modesty, n.:
	Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.
One promising concept that I came up with right away was that you could
manufacture personal air bags, then get a law passed requiring that they be
installed on congressmen to keep them from taking trips.  Let's say your
congressman was trying to travel to Paris to do a fact-finding study on how
the French government handles diseases transmitted by sherbet.  Just when he
got to the plane, his mandatory air bag, strapped around his waist, would
inflate -- FWWAAAAAAPPPP -- thus rendering him too large to fit through the
plane door.  It could also be rigged to inflate whenever the congressman
proposed a law.  ("Mr. Speaker, people ask me, why should October be
designated as Cuticle Inspection Month?  And I answer that FWWAAAAAAPPPP.")
This would save millions of dollars, so I have no doubt that the public
would violently support a law requiring airbags on congressmen.  The problem
is that your potential market is very small: there are only around 500
members of Congress, and some of them, such as House Speaker "Tip" O'Neil,
are already too large to fit on normal aircraft.
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"
"I turn on my television set.  I see a young lady who goes under the guise
of being a Christian, known all over the nation, dressed in skin-tight
leather pants, shaking and wiggling her hips to the beat and rythm of the
music as the strobe lights beat their patterns across the stage and the
band plays the contemporary rock sound which cannot be differentiated from
songs by the Grateful Dead, the Beatles, or anyone else.  And you may try
to tell me this is of God and that it is leading people to Christ, but I
know better.
-- Jimmy Swaggart, hypocritical sexual pervert and TV preacher, self-described
 pornography addict, "Two points of view: 'Christian' rock and roll.", 
 The Evangelist, 17(8): 49-50.
[From an announcement of a congress of the International Ontopsychology
Association, in Rome]:

The Ontopsychological school, availing itself of new research criteria and
of a new telematic epistemology, maintains that social modes do not spring
from dialectics of territory or of class, or of consumer goods, or of means
of power, but rather from dynamic latencies capillarized in millions of
individuals in system functions which, once they have reached the event
maturation, burst forth in catastrophic phenomenology engaging a suitable
stereotype protagonist or duty marionette (general, president, political
party, etc.) to consummate the act of social schizophrenia in mass genocide.
Wilner's Observation:
	All conversations with a potato should be conducted in private.
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
Then there was the ScoutMaster who got a fantastic deal on this case of
Tates brand compasses for his troup; only $1.25 each!  Only problem was,
when they got them out in the woods, the compasses were all stuck pointing
to the "W" on the dial.

Moral:
	He who has a Tates is lost!
Nothing lasts forever.
Where do I find nothing?
Whom the mad would destroy, first they make Gods.
		-- Bernard Levin
	"You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you
any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you
fit to hear his view of things?"
	"Quite the contrary.  You must defend your integrity, assuming
you have integrity to defend.  But you must defend it nobly, not by
imitating his own low behavior.  If you are gentle where he is rough,
if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as
potentially worthy.  If he does not, then he is not a master, after all,
and you may feel free to kick his ass."
		-- Tom Robbins, "Jitterbug Perfume"
The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor,
to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
		-- Anatole France
So many men; so little time.
It's not the inital skirt length, it's the upcreep.
I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets
fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
	A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to
Madonna, a young puppy.  It hitched its waggin' to a star.
"How do you know she is a unicorn?" Molly demanded.  "And why were you afraid
to let her touch you?  I saw you.  You were afraid of her."
	"I doubt that I will feel like talking for very long," the cat
replied without rancor.  "I would not waste time in foolishness if I were 
you.  As to your first question, no cat out of its first fur can ever be
deceived by appearances.  Unlike human beings, who enjoy them.  As for your
second question --"  Here he faltered, and suddenly became very interested
in washing; nor would he speak until he had licked himself fluffy and then
licked himself smooth again.  Even then he would not look at Molly, but 
examined his claws.
	"If she had touched me," he said very softly, "I would have been
hers and not my own, not ever again."
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"
An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
		-- Spanish proverb
Committee, n.:
	A group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group
	decide that nothing can be done.
		-- Fred Allen
Get hold of portable property.  -- Charles Dickens, "Great Expectations"
If a child annoys you, quiet him by brushing his hair.  If this doesn't
work, use the other side of the brush on the other end of the child.
Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
		-- Oscar Wilde
A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and
observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.  As
they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
	The doctor watches for a while and says: "Keep pumping, men, you may
yet save her!!"
	The mathematician does some calculations and says: "According to my
understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water
from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and
6 feet high."
	The engineer says: "I think she's sitting in a puddle."
How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?
When we talk of tomorrow, the gods laugh.
Immortality consists largely of boredom.
		-- Zefrem Cochrane, "Metamorphosis", stardate 3219.8
"And they told us, what they wanted...
 Was a sound that could kill some-one, from a distance." -- Kate Bush
People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get much better
press than people who are just funny and smart.
		-- Howard Simons, "The Washington Post"
Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.
Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends!
We're so glad you could attend, come inside, come inside!
There behind the glass there's a real blade of grass,
Be careful as you pass, move along, move along.
Come inside, the show's about to start,
Guaranteed to blow your head apart.
Rest assured, you'll get your money's worth,
Greatest show, in heaven, hell or earth!
You gotta see the show!  It's a dynamo!
You gotta see the show!  It's rock 'n' roll!
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)
Delores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping along smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious
to it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, and due to an
overdose of flouride as a child which caused her to suffer from chronic
apathy, doomed herself to lie forever on the floor of her life as useless
as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center.
		-- Winning sentence, 1990 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
We just joined the civil hair patrol!
Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis.

It makes sense, when you don't think about it.
%DCL-MEM-BAD, bad memory
VMS-F-PDGERS, pudding between the ears
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
		-- Leonard Levinson
All parts should go together without forcing.  You must remember that the parts
you are reassembling were disassembled by you.  Therefore, if you can't get
them together again, there must be a reason.  By all means, do not use a hammer.
		-- IBM maintenance manual, 1925
There seems no plan because it is all plan.
		-- C.S. Lewis
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work ... I did not, when
a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent
songs.  I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as
those without might see and hear.  They told a tale which was then altogether
beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep,
breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest
anguish.  Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God
for deliverance from chains.
		-- Frederick Douglass
The egg cream is psychologically the opposite of circumcision -- it
*pleasurably* reaffirms your Jewishness.
		-- Mel Brooks
Godwin's Law (prov.  [Usenet]):
	As a Usenet discussion grows longer, the probability of a
	comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one." There is a
	tradition in many groups that, once this occurs, that thread is
	over, and whoever mentioned the Nazis has automatically lost
	whatever argument was in progress.  Godwin's Law thus guarantees
	the existence of an upper bound on thread length in those groups.
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the
system.  From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine
some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very
sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
		-- Dr. Richard LeBlanc, associate professor of ICS, in
		   Georgia Tech's campus newspaper after the Internet worm.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent
and original in your work.
		-- Flaubert
"I'm growing older, but not up."
-- Jimmy Buffett
I finally went to the eye doctor.  I got contacts.  I only need them to
read, so I got flip-ups.
		-- Steven Wright
A fox is a wolf who sends flowers.
		-- Ruth Weston
"If you own a machine, you are in turn owned by it, and spend your time
 serving it..."
-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, _The Forbidden Tower_
The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a
soda can, when discarded will last forever ... and a $7,000 car which
when properly cared for will rust out in two or three years.
Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the
former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.

Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and
reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.  In those days, spirits
were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women
and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures
from Alpha Centauri.  And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty
deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus
was the Empire forged.
-- Douglas Adams, _The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy_
To thine own self be true.  (If not that, at least make some money.)
University, n.:
	Like a software house, except the software's free, and it's usable,
	and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell you how to fix
	it, and ...

	[Okay, okay, I'll leave it in, but I think you're destroying
	 the credibility of the entire fortune program.  Ed.]
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
"They're unfriendly, which is fortunate, really.  They'd be difficult to like."
		-- Avon
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Have the courage to take your own thoughts seriously, for they will shape you.
		-- Albert Einstein
How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our
thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another
in the waking state?
		-- Plato
Texas A&M football coach Jackie Sherrill went to the office of the Dean
of Academics because he was concerned about his players' mental abilities.
"My players are just too stupid for me to deal with them", he told the
unbelieving dean.  At this point, one of his players happened to enter
the dean's office.  "Let me show you what I mean", said Sherrill, and he
told the player to run over to his office to see if he was in.  "OK, Coach",
the player replied, and was off.  "See what I mean?" Sherrill asked.
"Yeah", replied the dean.  "He could have just picked up this phone and
called you from here."
Famous, adj.:
	Conspicuously miserable.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
"Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution"
The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
A pretty foot is one of the greatest gifts of nature... please send me your
last pair of shoes, already worn out in dancing... so I can have something
of yours to press against my heart.
		-- Goethe
To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.
I have learned
To spell hors d'oeuvres
Which still grates on 
Some people's n'oeuvres.
		-- Warren Knox
Woody: How are you feeling today, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Poor.
Woody: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Norm:  No, I meant `pour'.
		-- Cheers, Strange Bedfellows, Part 3

Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's the story?
Norm:  Boy meets beer.  Boy drinks beer.  Boy gets another beer.
		-- Cheers, The Proposal

Paul:  Hey Norm, how's the world been treating you?
Norm:  Like a baby treats a diaper.
		-- Cheers, Tan 'n Wash
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
		-- Elliot, "E.T."
Statistics are no substitute for judgement.
		-- Henry Clay
I have a box of telephone rings under my bed.  Whenever I get lonely, I
open it up a little bit, and I get a phone call.  One day I dropped the
box all over the floor.  The phone wouldn't stop ringing.  I had to get
it disconnected.  So I got a new phone.  I didn't have much money, so I
had to get an irregular.  It doesn't have a five.  I ran into a friend
of mine on the street the other day.  He said why don't you give me a
call.  I told him I can't call everybody I want to anymore, my phone
doesn't have a five.  He asked how long had it been that way.  I said I
didn't know -- my calendar doesn't have any sevens.
		-- Steven Wright
With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
		-- "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
And tomorrow will be like today, only more so.
		-- Isaiah 56:12, New Standard Version
Very few things actually get manufactured these days, because in an
infinitely large Universe, such as the one in which we live, most things one
could possibly imagine, and a lot of things one would rather not, grow
somewhere.  A forest was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew
ratchet screwdrivers as fruit.  The life cycle of the ratchet screwdriver is
quite interesting.  Once picked it needs a dark dusty drawer in which it can
lie undisturbed for years.  Then one night it suddenly hatches, discards its
outer skin that crumbles into dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable
little metal object with flanges at both ends and a sort of ridge and a hole
for a screw.  This, when found, will get thrown away.  No one knows what the
screwdriver is supposed to gain from this.  Nature, in her infinite wisdom,
is presumably working on it.
"Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator."
		-- Claude Shouse

"Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist."
		-- Joseph C. Wang
Miksch's Law:
	If a string has one end, then it has another end.
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to answer all of my "occupant" letters.
	-- None of my socks match.
	-- I'm having all my plants neutered.
	-- I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out.
	-- My yucca plant is feeling yucky.
	-- I'm touring China with a wok band.
	-- My chocolate-appreciation class meets that night.
	-- I'm running off to Yugoslavia with a foreign-exchange student
		named Basil Metabolism.
	-- There are important world issues that need worrying about.
	-- I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush.
	-- I prefer to remain an enigma.
	-- I think you want the OTHER Peggy/Cathy/Mike/whomever.
	-- I feel a song coming on.
YOW!!  What should the entire human race DO??  Consume a fifth of
CHIVAS REGAL, ski NUDE down MT. EVEREST, and have a wild SEX WEEKEND!
Kaufman's Law:
	A policy is a restrictive document to prevent a recurrence
	of a single incident, in which that incident is never mentioned.
I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson
May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may
God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may
he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.
Is this TERMINAL fun?
If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
		-- Tom Robbins
Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!!  
	Oh wait...
		I'm a computer, and you're a person.  It would never work out.
			Never mind.
Zero Mostel: That's it baby!  When you got it, flaunt it!  Flaunt it!
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Producers"
In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
		-- Martin Mull
Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.  There are many examples
of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies,
but they prevailed with irrefutable data.  More often, egregious findings
that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.  I have
argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic conciousness,"
and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of
neuroscience.  Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid
handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena
than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves
offer more plausible alternatives.
		-- Barry L. Beyerstein, "The Brain and Conciousness:
		   Implications for Psi Phenomena".
Progress means replacing a theory that is wrong with one more subtly wrong.
With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules, and
still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no
such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm
Now I am depressed ...
When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that
you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
		-- Otto Von Bismarck
Confessions may be good for the soul, but they are bad for the reputation.
		-- Lord Thomas Dewar
"Home, Sweet Home" must surely have been written by a bachelor.
		-- Samuel Butler
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed
There must be at least 500,000,000 rats in the United States; of course,
I never heard the story before.
The only problem with being a man of leisure is that you can never stop
and take a rest.
Let me do my TRIBUTE to FISHNET STOCKINGS ...
Can't act.  Slightly bald.  Also dances.
		-- RKO executive, reacting to Fred Astaire's screen test.
		   Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"
insecurity, n.:
	Finding out that you've mispronounced for years one of your
	favorite words.

	Realizing halfway through a joke that you're telling it to
	the person who told it to you.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
		-- Albert Einstein

They laughed at Einstein.  They laughed at the Wright Brothers.  But they
also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
		-- Carl Sagan
Kids have *_____never* taken guidance from their parents.  If you could
travel back in time and observe the original primate family in the
original tree, you would see the primate parents yelling at the primate
teenager for sitting around and sulking all day instead of hunting for
grubs and berries like dad primate.  Then you'd see the primate
teenager stomp up to his branch and slam the leaves.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
How doth the VAX's C-compiler
	Improve its object code.
And even as we speak does it
	Increase the system load.

How patiently it seems to run
	And spit out error flags,
While users, with frustration, all
	Tear their clothes to rags.
My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
		-- Iphicrates
To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
		-- Golda Meir
Uncontrolled power will turn even saints into savages.  And we can all
be counted on to live down to our lowest impulses.
		-- Parmen, "Plato's Stepchildren", stardate 5784.3
If I am elected no one will ever have to do their laundry again!
Without adventure, civilization is in full decay.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead
Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields
Sold in a market down in New Orleans
Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright
Hear him whip the women, just around midnight

Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should

Drums beating cold English blood runs hot
Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop
House boy knows that he's doing alright
You should a heard him just around midnight.
...
I bet your mama was tent show queen
And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen
I'm no school boy but I know what I like
You should have heard me just around midnight.
		-- Rolling Stones, "Brown Sugar"
The price of success in philosophy is triviality.
		-- C. Glymour.
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is
make the rubble bounce.
		-- Winston Churchill
The price of success in philosophy is triviality.
		-- C. Glymour.
Remember the... the... uhh.....
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
Hey! Come derry dol!  Hop along, my hearties!
Hobbits!  Ponies all!  We are fond of parties.
Now let the fun begin!  Let us sing together!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
There are two kinds of pedestrians... the quick and the dead.
		-- Lord Thomas Rober Dewar
I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when
you looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
		-- Poul Anderson
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
The dirty work at political conventions is almost always done in the grim
hours between midnight and dawn.  Hangmen and politicians work best when
the human spirit is at its lowest ebb.
		-- Russell Baker
Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi): Mr Gandhi, what do you think of Western
	Civilization?
Gandhi:	I think it would be a good idea.
	The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff
in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.  Everybody but one girl
laughed uproariously.  "What's the matter?" grumbled the boss. "Haven't you
got a sense of humor?"
	"I don't have to laugh," she said.  "I'm leaving Friday anyway.
I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.
A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!
There are no rules for March.  March is spring, sort of, usually, March
means maybe, but don't bet on it.
A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.
You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.
In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
		-- Alan Kay
Kissing your hand may make you feel very good, but a diamond and
sapphire bracelet lasts for ever.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"
You teach best what you most need to learn.
The History of every major Galactic Civilization tends to pass through
three distinct and recognizable phases, those of Survival, Inquiry, and
Sophistication, otherwise known as the How, Why, and Where phases.  For
instance, the first phase is characterized by the question "How can we eat?"
the second by "Why do we eat?" and the third by "Where shall we have lunch?".
		-- Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
From the Pro 350 Pocket Service Guide, p. 49, Step 5 of the
instructions on removing an I/O board from the card cage, comes a new
experience in sound:

5.  Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees.  The pin-spreading
    sound is normal for this type of connector.
The meek will inherit the earth -- if that's OK with you.
Pain is a thing of the mind.  The mind can be controlled.
		-- Spock, "Operation -- Annihilate!" stardate 3287.2
rugged, adj.:
	Too heavy to lift.
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work ... I did not, when
a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent
songs.  I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as
those without might see and hear.  They told a tale which was then altogether
beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep,
breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest
anguish.  Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God
for deliverance from chains.
		-- Frederick Douglass
Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Government:
	No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the
	legislature is in session.
As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
		-- Maya Angelou, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings"
There is only one way to console a widow.  But remember the risk.
		-- Robert Heinlein
"Ever free-climbed a thousand foot vertical cliff with 60 pounds of gear 
strapped to your butt?"
   "No."
"'Course you haven't, you fruit-loop little geek."
-- The Mountain Man, one of Dana Carvey's SNL characters
[ditto]
The first requisite for immortality is death.
		-- Stanislaw Lem
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
		-- Garrison Keillor
VI:
	A hungry dog hunts best.
	A hungrier dog hunts even better.
VII:
	Decreased business base increases overhead.
	So does increased business base.
VIII:
	The most unsuccessful four years in the education of a cost-estimator
	is fifth grade arithmetic.
IX:
	Acronyms and abbreviations should be used to the maximum extent
	possible to make trivial ideas profound.  Q.E.D.
X:
	Bulls do not win bull fights; people do.
	People do not win people fights; lawyers do.
		-- Norman Augustine
Some people have a great ambition: to build something
that will last, at least until they've finished building it.
For gin, in cruel
Sober truth,
Supplies the fuel
For flaming youth.
		-- Noel Coward
I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
		-- John Foreman
When neither their poverty nor their honor is touched, the majority of men
live content.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli
Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
And Jimmy has a frontal lobotomy.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me,
Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
		-- Randy Ansley M.D. (Dr. Rock)
If people drank ink instead of Schlitz, they'd be better off.
		-- Edward E. Hippensteel

[What brand of ink?  Ed.]
I'm gliding over a NUCLEAR WASTE DUMP near ATLANTA, Georgia!!
"The urge to destroy is also a creative urge."
-- Bakunin
[ed. note - I would say: The urge to destroy may sometimes be a creative urge.]
Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).
I have the simplest tastes.  I am always satisfied with the best.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
	[There is no great genius without some touch of madness.]
		-- Seneca
A doctor was stranded with a lawyer in a leaky life raft in shark-infested
waters. The doctor tried to swim ashore but was eaten by the sharks. The
lawyer, however, swam safely past the bloodthirsty sharks.  "Professional
courtesy," he explained.
Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry without a certain
unsoundness of mind.
		-- Thomas Macaulay
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
		-- A.H. Weiler
Only a fool has no doubts.
"Just the facts, Ma'am"
-- Joe Friday
The USA is so enormous, and so numerous are its schools, colleges and religious
seminaries, many devoted to special religious beliefs ranging from the
unorthodox to the dotty, that we can hardly wonder at its yielding a more
bounteous harvest of gobbledegook than the rest of the world put together.
		-- Sir Peter Medawar
Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.
Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee.
		-- Snoopy
We have the flu.  I don't know if this particular strain has an official
name, but if it does, it must be something like "Martian Death Flu".  You
may have had it yourself.  The main symptom is that you wish you had another
setting on your electric blanket, up past "HIGH", that said "ELECTROCUTION".
	Another symptom is that you cease brushing your teeth, because (a)
your teeth hurt, and (b) you lack the strength.  Midway through the brushing
process, you'd have to lie down in front of the sink to rest for a couple
of hours, and rivulets of toothpaste foam would dribble sideways out of your
mouth, eventually hardening into crusty little toothpaste stalagmites that
would bond your head permanently to the bathroom floor, which is how the
police would find you.
	You know the kind of flu I'm talking about.
		-- Dave Barry, "Molecular Homicide"
QOTD:
	"I'm just a boy named 'su'..."
Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse.
		-- Oscar Wilde

Most UNIX programmers are great masters of style.
		-- The Unnamed Usenetter
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is just next to you.
The best defense against logic is ignorance.
I have accepted Provolone into my life!
Pascal is not a high-level language.
		-- Steven Feiner
Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!
A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
		-- Robert Frost
What's the MATTER Sid? ... Is your BEVERAGE unsatisfactory?
What did you bring that book I didn't want to be read to out of about
Down Under up for?
Dinosaurs aren't extinct.  They've just learned to hide in the trees.
Men are always ready to respect anything that bores them.
		-- Marilyn Monroe
If all the seas were ink,
And all the reeds were pens,
And all the skies were parchment,
And all the men could write,
These would not suffice
To write down all the red tape
Of this Government. 
Someone is speaking well of you.
A rock store eventually closed down; they were taking too much for granite.
Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
		-- Kirk, "A Taste of Armageddon", stardate 3193.9
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
Leave no stone unturned.
		-- Euripides
	What is involved in such [close] relationships is a form of emotional
chemistry, so far unexplained by any school of psychiatry I am aware of, that
conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and
repulsion.  You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and
they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor
passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.  Conversely,
all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice
and they remain permanent influences on your life.
	Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen
as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.  The chemical action it entails is
less worth analyzing than enjoying.  At any rate, these six pieces are about
men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's
more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word "empathy".
		-- Alistair Cooke, "Six Men"
Finagle's First Law:
	If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson
Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
A little experience often upsets a lot of theory.
Beware of Bigfoot!
Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
		-- Thomas Tusser
Connector Conspiracy, n:
	[probably came into prominence with the appearance of the KL-10,
	none of whose connectors match anything else] The tendency of
	manufacturers (or, by extension, programmers or purveyors of anything)
	to come up with new products which don't fit together with the old
	stuff, thereby making you buy either all new stuff or expensive
	interface devices.
Saturday night in Toledo Ohio,
	Is like being nowhere at all,
All through the day how the hours rush by,
	You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
		-- John Denver, "Saturday Night in Toledo Ohio"
"Calling J-Man Kink.  Calling J-Man Kink.  Hash missile sighted, target
Los Angeles.  Disregard personal feelings about city and intercept."
-- The Firesign Theatre movie, _J-Men Forever_
Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine
There is no such thing as fortune.  Try again.
A lady with one of her ears applied
To an open keyhole heard, inside,
Two female gossips in converse free --
The subject engaging them was she.
"I think", said one, "and my husband thinks
That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!"
As soon as no more of it she could hear
The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
"I will not stay," she said with a pout,
"To hear my character lied about!"
		-- Gopete Sherany
In West Union, Ohio, No married man can go flying without his spouse
along at any time, unless he has been married for more than 12 months.
There are no games on this system.
	How many seconds are there in a year?  If I tell you there  are
3.155  x  10^7, you won't even try to remember it.  On the other hand,
who could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a
nanocentury.
		-- Tom Duff, Bell Labs
There's no easy quick way out, we're gonna have to live through our
whole lives, win, lose, or draw.
		-- Walt Kelly
Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic,
then at least be aseptic.
Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went
on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
Be wary of strong drink.  It can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain
Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
		-- Publilius Syrus
It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
		-- Michael Arlen
Kitchen activity is highlighted.  Butter up a friend.
You may be right, I may be crazy,
But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for!
		-- Billy Joel
It's the thought, if any, that counts!
Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.  They worship us and are
always bothering us to do something for them.
		-- Oscar Wilde
People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have cold baths.
Denver, n.:
	A smallish city located just below the `O' in Colorado.
Courage is your greatest present need.
For years a secret shame destroyed my peace--
I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece.
But now I think a thought that brings me hope:
Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
		-- Justin Richardson.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop
"All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific."
		-- Jane Wagner
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher, and philosophy begins in wonder.
		-- Socrates, quoting Plato
	[Huh?  That's like Johnson quoting Boswell]
An efficient and a successful administration manifests itself equally in
small as in great matters.  
		-- W. Churchill
If the meanings of "true" and "false" were switched, then this sentence
would not be false.
Gerrold's Laws of Infernal Dynamics:
	(1) An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
	(2) An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
	(3) The energy required to change either one of these states
	   will always be more than you wish to expend, but never so
	   much as to make the task totally impossible.
Zippy's brain cells are straining to bridge synapses ...
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to
see it tried on him personally.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
No-one would remember the Good Samaritan if he had only had good
intentions.  He had money as well.
		-- Margaret Thatcher
I never met a man I didn't want to fight.
		-- Lyle Alzado, professional football lineman
Adam and Eve had many advantages, but the principal one was, that they escaped
teething.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
The world really isn't any worse.  It's just that the news coverage
is so much better.
I bet the human brain is a kludge.
		-- Marvin Minsky
THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVELININTHENIGHTDUDE
The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us, the Universe.
	It's the theory of Jess Birnbaum, of Time magazine, that women with
bad legs should stick to long skirts because they cover a multitude of shins.
I don't kill flies, but I like to mess with their minds.  I hold them above
globes.  They freak out and yell "Whooa, I'm *way* too high."
		-- Bruce Baum
We was playin' the Homestead Grays in the city of Pitchburgh.  Josh [Gibson]
comes up in the last of the ninth with a man on and us a run behind.  Well,
he hit one.  The Grays waited around and waited around, but finally the
empire rules it ain't comin' down.  So we win.  The next day, we was disputin'
the Grays in Philadelphia when here come a ball outta the sky right in the
glove of the Grays' center fielder.  The empire made the only possible call.
"You're out, boy!" he says to Josh.  "Yesterday, in Pitchburgh."
		-- Satchel Paige
A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
		-- Prof. Steiner
A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet.
His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.
There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from
the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; someone loaded Star
Trek 3.2 into our video processor.
Obviously, a man's judgement cannot be better than the information on which he
has based it.  Give him the truth and he may still go wrong when he has
the chance to be right, but give him no news or present him only with distorted
and incomplete data, with ignorant, sloppy or biased reporting, with propaganda
and deliberate falsehoods, and you destroy his whole reasoning processes, and
make him something less than a man.
-- Arthur Hays Sulzberger
The faster we go, the rounder we get.
		-- The Grateful Dead
Climate and Surgery
	R C Gilchrist, who was shot by J Sharp twelve days ago, and who
received a derringer ball in the right breast, and who it was supposed at
the time could not live many hours, was on the street yesterday and the
day before -- walking several blocks at a time.  To those who design to be
riddled with bullets or cut to pieces with Bowie-knives, we cordially
recommend our Sacramento climate and Sacramento surgery.
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 11, 1861
First law of debate:
	Never argue with a fool.  People might not know the difference.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
There are places I'll remember
All my life though some have changed.
Some forever not for better 
Some have gone and some remain.
All these places had their moments
With lovers and friends I still recall.
Some are dead and some are living,
In my life I've loved them all.

But of all these friends and lovers,
There is no one compared with you,
All these memories lose their meaning
When I think of love as something new.
Though I know I'll never lose affection
For people and things that went before,
I know I'll often stop and think about them
In my life I'll love you more.
		-- Lennon/McCartney, "In My Life", 1965
The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
scribline, n.:
	The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's signature goes.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
		-- The Squirrels' Motto (The "Hell's Angels of Nature")
PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the
solution set.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
If you want to read about love and marriage you've got to buy two separate
books.
		-- Alan King
purpitation, n.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
I'd probably settle for a vampire if he were romantic enough.
Couldn't be any worse than some of the relationships I've had.
		-- Brenda Starr
I'm pretending I'm pulling in a TROUT!  Am I doing it correctly??
"Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is 
good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
 -- John Kenneth Galbraith
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.  Second marriage is 
the triumph of hope over experience.
I don't mind arguing with myself.  It's when I lose that it bothers me.
		-- Richard Powers
The early bird who catches the worm works for someone who comes in late
and owns the worm farm.
		-- Travis McGee
1st graffitiist: QUESTION AUTHORITY!

2nd graffitiist: Why?
No one can put you down without your full cooperation.
"Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some
of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?"
		-- Patricia O Tuama, rissa@killer.DALLAS.TX.US
HUGH BEAUMONT died in 1982!!
No rock so hard but that a little wave
May beat admission in a thousand years.
		-- Tennyson
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may
revitalize the corner saloon.
Q:	Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
A:	To prevent the sensible ones from going home.
If I have not seen so far it is because I stood in giant's footsteps.
Lady, lady, should you meet
One whose ways are all discreet,
One who murmurs that his wife
Is the lodestar of his life,
One who keeps assuring you
That he never was untrue,
Never loved another one...
Lady, lady, better run!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Social Note"
Ditat Deus.
	[God enriches]
Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.  Run
with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.  Keep
the company of bums and you will become a bum.  Hang around with rich people
and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
		-- Stanley Walker
Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck
Forgetfulness, n.:
	A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for
	their destitution of conscience.
I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all 
these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these 
kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and
I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been
avoiding the beach.
		-- Lucinda Childs "Einstein On The Beach"
"This is a job for BOB VIOLENCE and SCUM, the INCREDIBLY STUPID MUTANT DOG."
		-- Bob Violence
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no
account be allowed to do the job.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
The Man Who Almost Invented The Vacuum Cleaner
	The man officially credited with inventing the vacuum cleaner is
Hubert Cecil Booth.  However, he got the idea from a man who almost
invented it.  
	In 1901 Booth visited a London music-hall.  On the bill was an
American inventor with his wonder machine for removing dust from carpets.
	The machine comprised a box about one foot square with a bag on top.
After watching the act -- which made everyone in the front six rows sneeze
-- Booth went round to the inventor's dressing room.
	"It should suck not blow," said Booth, coming straight to the
point.  "Suck?", exclaimed the enraged inventor.  "Your machine just moves
the dust around the room," Booth informed him.  "Suck?  Suck?  Sucking is
not possible," was the inventor's reply and he stormed out.  Booth proved
that it was by the simple expedient of kneeling down, pursing his lips and
sucking the back of an armchair.  "I almost choked," he said afterwards.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
QOTD:
	"I haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby."
It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their dignity.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
"I have not the slightest confidence in 'spiritual manifestations.'"
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
The two things that can get you into trouble quicker than anything else
are fast women and slow horses.
"As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty,
and I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a
scientist.  This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls."
		-- Matt Cartmill
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
		-- R. Clopton
MOCK APPLE PIE (No Apples Needed)

  Pastry to two crust 9-inch pie	36 RITZ Crackers
2 cups water				 2 cups sugar
2 teaspoons cream of tartar		 2 tablespoons lemon juice
  Grated rind of one lemon		   Butter or margarine
  Cinnamon

Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.  Break
RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.  Combine water, sugar
and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.  Add lemon
juice and rind.  Cool.  Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously
with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover with top
crust.  Trim and flute edges together.  Cut slits in top crust to let
steam escape.  Bake in a hot oven (425 F) 30 to 35 minutes, until crust
is crisp and golden.  Serve warm.  Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
		-- Found lurking on a Ritz Crackers box
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task
completely overwhelm you.
If a fool persists in his folly he shall become wise.
		-- William Blake
"The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who, in times of moral
crisis, preserved their neutrality."
-- Dante
The pollution's at that awkward stage.  Too thick to navigate and too
thin to cultivate.
		-- Doug Sneyd
The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
Zhizn' prozhit'--ne pole pereiti.
	[Life's a bitch.]
	[Well, okay.  lit., to live through life is not as simple as crossing
	 a field.  Happy now?]
		-- Russian proverb
Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.
(defun NF (a c)
  (cond ((null c) () )
	((atom (car c))
	  (append (list (eval (list 'getchar (list (car c) 'a) (cadr c))))
		 (nf a (cddr c))))
	(t (append (list (implode (nf a (car c)))) (nf a (cdr c))))))

(defun AD (want-job challenging boston-area)
  (cond 
   ((or (not (equal want-job 'yes))
	(not (equal boston-area 'yes))
	(lessp challenging 7)) () )
   (t (append (nf  (get 'ad 'expr)
	  '((caaddr 1 caadr 2 car 1 car 1)
	    (car 5 cadadr 9 cadadr 8 cadadr 9 caadr 4 car 2 car 1)
	    (car 2 caadr 4)))
      (list '851-5071x2661)))))
;;;     We are an affirmative action employer.
Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.
Rev. Jim:	What does an amber light mean?                                 
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What...   does...  an...  amber...  light...  mean?
Bobby:		Slow down.
Rev. Jim:	What....     does....     an....     amber....     light....
Landru! Guide us!
		-- A Beta 3-oid, "The Return of the Archons", stardate 3157.4
QOTD:
	"Wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-Z?"
OS/2 must die!
What has roots as nobody sees,
Is taller than trees,
Up, up it goes,
And yet never grows?
BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-
"Don't think; let the machine do it for you!"
-- E. C. Berkeley
If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy. 
A pity that it's totally undeserved.
Let us, then, fellow citizens, unite with one heart and one mind.  Let us
restore to social intercourse that harmony and affection without which
liberty and even life itself are but dreary things.  And let us reflect
that having banished from our land that religious intolerance under which
mankind so long bled, we have yet gained little if we counternance a
political intolerance as despotic, as wicked, and capable of a bitter and
bloody persecutions.
- Thomas Jefferson
Lucy:	Dance, dance, dance.  That is all you ever do.
	Can't you be serious for once?
Snoopy: She is right!  I think I had better think
	of the more important things in life!
	(pause)
	Tomorrow!!
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
		-- Euripides
In a medium in which a News Piece takes a minute and an "In-Depth"
Piece takes two minutes, the Simple will drive out the Complex.
		-- Frank Mankiewicz
No sooner had Edger Allen Poe
Finished his old Raven,
then he started his Old Crow.
At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.
Griffin's Thought:
	When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.
"Now I've got the bead on you with MY disintegrating gun.  And when it 
disintegrates, it disintegrates.  (pulls trigger)  Well, what you do know, 
it disintegrated."
-- Duck Dodgers in the 24th and a half century
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to
boot yourself in the posterior.
		-- A.J. Liebling, "The Press"
If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Phrases and Philosophies for the Use
		of the Young"
Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born
to people you could not have possibly met.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
"You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks."
		-- Gary Giddens
Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who
can't talk for people who can't read.
		-- Frank Zappa
				SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT

Title:		Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Speaker:	Don "The Lion" Knuth

				ABSTRACT
	Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying
the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.  The problem
of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas
of computer science.  It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi-
bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size
pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete.  We will show that
there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program
to a frog.  We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable
functions.
	This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
	Refreshments will be served.  Music will be played.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
		-- John Lennon, "Beautiful Boy"
Battle, n.:
	A method of untying with the teeth a political knot that
	will not yield to the tongue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
A help wanted add for a photo journalist asked the rhetorical question:

If you found yourself in a situation where you could either save
a drowning man, or you could take a Pulitzer prize winning
photograph of him drowning, what shutter speed and setting would you use?
		-- Paul Harvey
economics, n.:
	Economics is the study of the value and meaning of J.K. Galbraith.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common.  Instead of
altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts to fit their
views ... which can be very uncomfortable if you happen to be one of the
facts that needs altering.
		-- Doctor Who, "Face of Evil"
Sic Transit Gloria Thursdi.
Revenge is a form of nostalgia.
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly.
Year  Name				James Bond	Book
----  --------------------------------	--------------	----
50's  James Bond TV Series		Barry Nelson
1962  Dr. No				Sean Connery	1958
1963  From Russia With Love		Sean Connery	1957
1964  Goldfinger			Sean Connery	1959
1965  Thunderball			Sean Connery	1961
1967* Casino Royale			David Niven	1954
1967  You Only Live Twice		Sean Connery	1964
1969  On Her Majesty's Secret Service	George Lazenby	1963
1971  Diamonds Are Forever		Sean Connery	1956
1973  Live And Let Die			Roger Moore	1955
1974  The Man With The Golden Gun	Roger Moore	1965
1977  The Spy Who Loved Me		Roger Moore	1962 (novelette)
1979  Moonraker				Roger Moore	1955
1981  For Your Eyes Only		Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1983  Octopussy				Roger Moore	1965
1983* Never Say Never Again		Sean Connery
1985  A View To A Kill			Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1987  The Living Daylights		Timothy Dalton	1965 (novelette)
	* -- Not a Broccoli production.
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas
If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.
I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
Some parts of the past must be preserved, and some of the future prevented
at all costs.
Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence.
Love, which is quickly kindled in a gentle heart,
	seized this one for the fair form
	that was taken from me-and the way of it afficts me still.
Love, which absolves no loved one from loving,
	seized me so strongly with delight in him,
	that, as you see, it does not leave me even now.
Love brought us to one death.
		-- La Divina Commedia: Inferno V, vv. 100-06
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
If only God would give me some clear sign!  Like making a large deposit
in my name at a Swiss bank.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"
Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, "Part of
this complete breakfast".  The way it comes up is, my 5-year-old will be
watching TV cartoon shows in the morning, and they'll show a commercial for
a children's compressed breakfast compound such as "Froot Loops" or "Lucky
Charms", and they always show it sitting on a table next to some actual food
such as eggs, and the announcer always says: "Part of this complete
breakfast".  Don't that really mean, "Adjacent to this complete breakfast",
or "On the same table as this complete breakfast"?  And couldn't they make
essentially the same claim if, instead of Froot Loops, they put a can of
shaving cream there, or a dead bat?

Answer: Yes.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equpped with 18,000 vaccuum tubes and
weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes
and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
		-- Popular Mechanics, March 1949
They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
		-- Alan Kay, commenting on Apollos
Canonical, adj.:
	The usual or standard state or manner of something.  A true story:
One Bob Sjoberg, new at the MIT AI Lab, expressed some annoyance at the use
of jargon.  Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as
much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word "canonical" in jargon-like
fashion without thinking.
	Steele: "Aha!  We've finally got you talking jargon too!"
	Stallman: "What did he say?"
	Steele: "He just used `canonical' in the canonical way."
Oh wearisome condition of humanity!
Born under one law, to another bound.
		-- Fulke Greville, Lord Brooke
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!

Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer,
	 emphysema, or other smoking-caused ailment.
Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes
If there was any justice in the world, "trust" would be a four-letter word.
	... This striving for excellence extends into people's personal
lives as well.  When '80s people buy something, they buy the best one, as
determined by (1) price and (2) lack of availability. Eighties people buy
imported dental floss.  They buy gourmet baking soda.  If an '80s couple
goes to a restaurant where they have made a reservation three weeks in
advance, and they are informed that their table is available, they stalk
out immediately, because they know it is not an excellent restaurant.  If
it were, it would have an enormous crowd of excellence-oriented people
like themselves waiting, their beepers going off like crickets in the
night.  An excellent restaurant wouldn't have a table ready immediately
for anybody below the rank of Liza Minnelli.
		-- Dave Barry, "In Search of Excellence"
Most people deserve each other.
		-- Shirley
Hindsight is an exact science.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder -- of somebody else.
We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
		-- Seymour Papert
You are capable of planning your future.
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
		-- Jules de Gaultier
The relative importance of files depends on their cost in terms of the
human effort needed to regenerate them.
		-- T.A. Dolotta
That money talks,
I'll not deny,
I heard it once,
It said "Good-bye.
		-- Richard Armour
Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a woman giving birth
to a child.  She must be found and stopped.
		-- Sam Levenson
According to a recent and unscientific national survey, smiling is something
everyone should do at least 6 times a day.  In an effort to increase the
national average  (the US ranks third among the world's superpowers in
smiling), Xerox has instructed all personnel to be happy, effervescent, and
most importantly, to smile.  Xerox employees agree, and even feel strongly
that they can not only meet but surpass the national average...  except for
Tubby Ackerman.  But because Tubby does such a fine job of racing around
parking lots with a large butterfly net retrieving floating IC chips, Xerox
decided to give him a break.  If you see Tubby in a parking lot he may have
a sheepish grin.  This is where the expression, "Service with a slightly
sheepish grin" comes from.
In Newark the laundromats are open 24 hours a day!
Do you know about being with somebody?  Wanting to be?  If I had the
whole universe, I'd give it to you, Janice.  When I see you, I feel
like I'm hungry all over.  Do you know how that feels?
		-- Charlie Evans, "Charlie X", stardate 1535.8
Yow!  It's some people inside the wall!  This is better than mopping!
One good thing about music,
Well, it helps you feel no pain.
So hit me with music;
Hit me with music now.
		-- Bob Marley, "Trenchtown Rock"
Houston, Tranquillity Base here.  The Eagle has landed.
		-- Neil Armstrong
"Live or die, I'll make a million."
-- Reebus Kneebus, before his jump to the center of the earth, Firesign Theater
None love the bearer of bad news.
		-- Sophocles
		 ___          ______	       Frobtech, Inc.
                /__/\     ___/_____/\          
                \  \ \   /         /\\
                 \  \ \_/__       /  \         "If you've got the job,
                 _\  \ \  /\_____/___ \         we've got the frob."
                // \__\/ /  \       /\ \
        _______//_______/    \     / _\/______
       /      / \       \    /    / /        /\
    __/      /   \       \  /    / /        / _\__
   / /      /     \_______\/    / /        / /   /\
  /_/______/___________________/ /________/ /___/  \
  \ \      \    ___________    \ \        \ \   \  /
   \_\      \  /          /\    \ \        \ \___\/
      \      \/          /  \    \ \        \  /
       \_____/          /    \    \ \________\/
            /__________/      \    \  /
            \   _____  \      /_____\/
             \ /    /\  \    / \  \ \
              /____/  \  \  /   \  \ \
              \    \  /___\/     \  \ \
               \____\/            \__\/
If your aim in life is nothing, you can't miss.
If God is dead, who will save the Queen?
Did you know about the -o option of the fortune program?  It makes a
selection from a set of offensive and/or obscene fortunes.  Why not
try it, and see how offended you are?  The -a ("all") option will
select a fortune at random from either the offensive or inoffensive
set, and it is suggested that "fortune -a" is the command that you
should have in your .profile or .cshrc. file.
Cheese -- milk's leap toward immortality.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"
What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's
enemies.  Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking
out of him.
		-- Brian O'Nolan, "The Best of Myles"
Oh, I don't blame Congress.  If I had $600 billion at my disposal, I'd
be irresponsible, too.
		-- Lichty & Wagner
"MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into
the smallest amount of thoughts."
		-- Winston Churchill
DeVries' Dilemma:
	If you hit two keys on the typewriter, the one you don't want
	hits the paper.
Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice which will
recommend that they do what they want to do.
Ego sum ens omnipotens.
Jones' Motto:
	Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
The people sensible enough to give good advice are usually sensible
enough to give none.
Push where it gives and scratch where it itches.
-- The writing implement is more potent than the claymore.
-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited carbonaceous
	materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- The person presenting the ultimate cachinnation possesses thereby the
	optimal cachinnation.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.
Reactor error - core dumped!
meeting, n.:
	An assembly of people coming together to decide what person or
	department not represented in the room must solve a problem.
When I saw a sign on the freeway that said, "Los Angeles 445 miles," I said
to myself, "I've got to get out of this lane."
		-- Franklyn Ajaye
The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age
brings wisdom.
		-- H.L. Mencken
"Never laugh at live dragons, Bilbo you fool!" he said to himself, and it became
a favourite saying of his later, and passed into a proverb. "You aren't nearly
through this adventure yet," he added, and that was pretty true as well.
-- Bilbo Baggins, "The Hobbit" by J.R.R. Tolkien, Chapter XII
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- Shakespeare
Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
	for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
	cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82
The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of
management is that success equals skill.
		-- Robert Heller
Ahhhhhh... the smell of cuprinol and mahogany.  It excites me to...
acts of passion... acts of... ineptitude.
My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.
Pascal Users:
	To show respect for the 313th anniversary (tomorrow) of the
	death of Blaise Pascal, your programs will be run at half speed.
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
"The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of
themselves," the old man said, no longer to me.  "But what will become 
of the bicuspids?"
		-- The Old Man and his Bridge
In his book, Mr. DePree tells the story of how designer George Nelson urged
that the company also take on Charles Eames in the late 1940s.  Max's father,
J. DePree, co-founder of the company with herman Miller in 1923, asked Mr.
Nelson if he really wanted to share the limited opportunities of a then-small
company with another designer.  "George's response was something like this:
'Charles Eames is an unusual talent.  He is very different from me.  The
company needs us both.  I want very much to have Charles Eames share in
whatever potential there is.'"
-- Max DePree, chairman and CEO of Herman Miller Inc., "Herman Miller's 
   Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat.
		-- Simone de Beauvoir
Use the Force, Luke.
Twas FORTRAN as the doloop goes
	Did logzerneg the ifthen block
All kludgy were the function flows
	And subroutines adhoc.

Beware the runtime-bug my friend
	squrooneg, the false goto
Beware the infiniteloop
	And shun the inprectoo.
		-- "OUTCONERR," to the scheme of "Jabberwocky"
Mankind's yearning to engage in sports is older than recorded history,
dating back to the time millions of years ago, when the first primitive man
picked up a crude club and a round rock, tossed the rock into the air, and
whomped the club into the sloping forehead of the first primitive umpire.

What inner force drove this first athlete?  Your guess is as good as
mine.  Better, probably, because you haven't had four beers.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
"For the love of phlegm...a stupid wall of death rays.  How tacky can ya get?"
- Post Brothers comics
"The following is not for the weak of heart or Fundamentalists."
-- Dave Barry
When you dig another out of trouble, you've got a place to bury your own.
In just seven days, I can make you a man!
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show
"I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path."
		-- Ronald Mabbitt
Being asked solicitously about the state of her health was becoming bothersome
to the pregnant woman at the cocktail party.  And yet another guest went over
and inquired, "Well, how are you feeling these days?"
	"Not too well," said the expectant mother.  "You know, I've missed
seven or eight periods now and it's beginning to worry me."
Oh Dad!  We're ALL Devo!
When the government bureau's remedies don't match your problem, you modify
the problem, not the remedy.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
		-- Yogi Berra
Sam:  What's going on, Normie?
Norm: My birthday, Sammy.  Give me a beer, stick a candle in
      it, and I'll blow out my liver.
		-- Cheers, Where Have All the Floorboards Gone

Woody: Hey, Mr. P.  How goes the search for Mr. Clavin?
Norm:  Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut.
       Found him every couple of blocks.
		-- Cheers, Head Over Hill
In the beginning, I was made.  I didn't ask to be made.  No one consulted
with me or considered my feelings in this matter.  But if it brought some
passing fancy to some lowly humans as they haphazardly pranced their way
through life's mournful jungle, then so be it.
- Marvin the Paranoid Android, From Douglas Adams' Hitchiker's Guide to the
Galaxy Radio Scripts
If you are what you eat, does that mean Euell Gibbons really was a nut?
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
Q:	How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
A:	Four.  Two in the front, two in the back.

Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a footprint in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's two footprints in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	The door won't shut.

Q:	How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a VW Bug in your driveway.
My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
		-- Crazy Jimmy
QOTD:
	"Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy."
New York-- to that tall skyline I come
Flyin' in from London to your door
New York-- lookin' down on Central Park
Where they say you should not wander after dark.
New York.
		-- Simon and Garfunkle
Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.
It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
Speak softly and carry a +6 two-handed sword.
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
		-- Charlie McCarthy
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[173.15b]:
	"When competing for a section of road or a parking space, remember
        that the vehicle in need of the most body work has the right-of-way."

[141.2a]:
       "Although it is altogether possible to fit a 6' car into a 6'
        parking space, it is hardly ever possible to fit a 6' car into
        a 5' parking space."

[105.31]:
       "Teenage drivers believe that they are immortal, and drive accordingly.
        Nevertheless, you should avoid the temptation to prove them wrong."
The rule on staying alive as a program manager is to give 'em a number or 
give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
"You're a creature of the night, Michael.  Wait'll Mom hears about this."
-- from the movie "The Lost Boys"
I'll burn my books.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
F:	When into a room I plunge, I
	Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
	Then I linger, darkly brooding
	On the poison they're exuding.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC
If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job.
Let's hear it for OSI and X!  With those babies in the wings, we can count
on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening,
paper folding, or something.
		-- C. Philip Wood
Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
	"Of course."
	"Have you ever seen me before?"
	"Never."
	"Then how do you know it was me?"
When the Universe was not so out of whack as it is today, and all the
stars were lined up in their proper places, you could easily count them
from left to right, or top to bottom, and the larger and bluer ones were
set apart, and the smaller yellowing types pushed off to the corners as
bodies of a lower grade ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
Peers's Law:
	The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
	[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
	or
	[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus
"Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all...."
-- Thomas J. Kopp
Save energy:  Drive a smaller shell.
X windows:
	Something you can be ashamed of.
	30% more entropy than the leading window system.
	The first fully modular software disaster.
	Rome was destroyed in a day.
	Warn your friends about it.
	Climbing to new depths.  Sinking to new heights.
	An accident that couldn't wait to happen.
	Don't wait for the movie.
	Never use it after a big meal.
	Need we say less?
	Plumbing the depths of human incompetence.
	It'll make your day.
	Don't get frustrated without it.
	Power tools for power losers.
	A software disaster of Biblical proportions.
	Never had it.  Never will.
	The software with no visible means of support.
	More than just a generation behind.

Hindenburg.  Titanic.  Edsel.
	X windows.
The time was the 19th of May, 1780.  The place was Hartford, Connecticut.
The day has gone down in New England history as a terrible foretaste of
Judgement Day.  For at noon the skies turned from blue to grey and by
mid-afternoon had blackened over so densely that, in that religious age,
men fell on their knees and begged a final blessing before the end came.
The Connecticut House of Representatives was in session.  And, as some of
the men fell down and others clamored for an immediate adjournment, the
Speaker of the House, one Col. Davenport, came to his feet.  He silenced
them and said these words: "The day of judgment is either approaching or
it is not.  If it is not, there is no cause for adjournment.  If it is, I
choose to be found doing my duty.  I wish therefore that candles may be
brought."
		-- Alistair Cooke
	"I assure you the thought never even crossed my mind, lord."
	"Indeed?  Then if I were you I'd sue my face for slander."
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Colour of Magic"
Cahn's Axiom:
	When all else fails, read the instructions.
In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.
I'm always looking for a new idea that will be more productive than its cost.
		-- David Rockefeller
The sprung doors parted and I staggered out into the lobby's teak and flicker.
Uniformed men stood by impassively like sentries in their trench.  I slapped
my key on the desk and nodded gravely.  I was loaded enough to be unable to
tell whether they could tell I was loaded.  Would they mind?  I was certainly
too loaded to care.  I moved to the door with boxy, schlep-shouldered strides.
-- Martin Amis, _Money_
"But don't you worry, its for a cause -- feeding global corporations' paws."
"If that man in the PTL is such a healer, why can't he make his wife's
 hairdo go down?"
-- Robin Williams
It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old.  However, it's a pretty small
price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands computers.
"I've seen the forgeries I've sent out."
-- John F. Haugh II (jfh@rpp386.Dallas.TX.US), about forging net news articles
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
Democracy becomes a government of bullies, tempered by editors.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Practice yourself what you preach.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus
One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as one
man would have produced alone.  These two plus two more will produce half
again as many ideas.  These four plus four more begin to represent a
creative meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as many ...
		-- Anthony Chevins
If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.
The opossum is a very sophisticated animal.  It doesn't even get up
until 5 or 6 PM.
"Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred."
		-- Steve Nesbitt, voice of Mission Control, January 28,
		   1986, as the shuttle Challenger exploded within view
		   of the grandstands.
Consent decree:
	A document in which a hapless company consents never to commit
	in the future whatever heinous violations of Federal law it
	never admitted to in the first place.
What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.
The difference between a lawyer and a rooster is that
the rooster gets up in the morning and clucks defiance.
Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't
understand his own meaning.
		-- George D. Prentice
You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty
to his own concept of the obligations of manhood.  All other loyalties
are merely deputies of that one.
		-- Nero Wolfe
To be loved is very demoralizing.
		-- Katharine Hepburn
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
"What I've done, of course, is total garbage."
		-- R. Willard, Pure Math 430a
No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary for that purpose to keep
awake all day.
		-- Nietzsche
Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
		-- Edouard Le Berquier, "Pensees des Autres"
Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal.
		-- Zaphod Beeblebrox
The only solution is ... a balance of power.  We arm our side with exactly
that much more.  A balance of power -- the trickiest, most difficult,
dirtiest game of them all.  But the only one that preserves both sides.
		-- Kirk, "A Private Little War", stardate 4211.8
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
It is better to live rich than to die rich.
		-- Samuel Johnson
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
		-- Addison H. Hallock
And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?
Our missions are peaceful -- not for conquest.  When we do battle, it
is only because we have no choice.
		-- Kirk, "The Squire of Gothos", stardate 2124.5
	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Courtship & Mating:
	Due to extreme deprivation, HOMO COMPUTATIS maintains a near perpetual
	state of sexual readiness.  Courtship behavior alternates between
	awkward shyness and abrupt advances.  When he finally mates, he
	chooses a female engineer with an unblinking stare, a tight mouth, and
	a complete collection of Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Track:
	Trash cans full of pale green and white perforated paper and old
	copies of the Allen-Bradley catalog.
Comments:
	Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on
the continuing viability of FORTRAN.
		-- Alan Perlis
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
Cursor, n.:
	One whose program will not run.
		-- Robb Russon
Whenever anyone says, "theoretically," they really mean, "not really."
		-- Dave Parnas
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
		-- General Omar N. Bradley
It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...
... I don't know why but, suddenly, I want to discuss declining I.Q.
LEVELS with a blue ribbon SENATE SUB-COMMITTEE!
There are a few things that never go out of style, and a feminine woman
is one of them.
		-- Ralston
Why use Windows, since there is a door?
(By fachat@galileo.rhein-neckar.de, Andre Fachat)
Superior ability breeds superior ambition.
		-- Spock, "Space Seed", stardate 3141.9
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm having all my plants neutered."
Delta: The kids will love our inflatable slides.    -- David Letterman
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY.
	You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly,
	to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians.

8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD.
	It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.

9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE
   OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR.
	The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a
	sacred duty to protect him from exposure.

10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE.
	This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
		-- Carl Sagan
purpitation, n.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
You are in the hall of the mountain king.
In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken,' and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address
There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII
H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L. Mencken --
there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.
		-- Maxwell Bodenheim
Mr. Rockford?  You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.  Could
you call me at...  My name is... uh...  Never mind, forget it!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
Linus:	I guess it's wrong always to be worrying about tomorrow.  Maybe
	we should think only about today.
Charlie Brown:
	No, that's giving up.  I'm still hoping that yesterday will get
	better.
Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went
on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.
I'm definitely not in Omaha!
Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism
in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with
the ignorance of the community.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Neil Armstrong tripped.
	A programmer from a very large computer company went to a software
conference and then returned to report to his manager, saying: "What sort
of programmers work for other companies?  They behaved badly and were
unconcerned with appearances. Their hair was long and unkempt and their
clothes were wrinkled and old. They crashed out hospitality suites and they
made rude noises during my presentation."
	The manager said: "I should have never sent you to the conference.
Those programmers live beyond the physical world.  They consider life absurd,
an accidental coincidence.  They come and go without knowing limitations.
Without a care, they live only for their programs.  Why should they bother
with social conventions?"
	"They are alive within the Tao."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
It is very difficult to prophesy, especially when it pertains to the future.
To follow foolish precedents, and wink
With both our eyes, is easier than to think.
- William Cowper
"If you weren't my teacher, I'd think you just deleted all my files."
-- an anonymous UCB CS student, to an instructor who had typed "rm -i *" to
   get rid of a file named "-f" on a Unix system.
How's it going in those MODULAR LOVE UNITS??
clairvoyant, n.:
	A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that
	which is invisible to her patron -- namely, that he is a blockhead.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
C for yourself.
... I want to perform cranial activities with Tuesday Weld!!
Throw away documentation and manuals,
and users will be a hundred times happier.
Throw away privileges and quotas,
and users will do the Right Thing.
Throw away proprietary and site licenses,
and there won't be any pirating.

If these three aren't enough,
just stay at your home directory 
and let all processes take their course.
All husbands are alike, but they have different faces so you can tell
them apart.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
There's a couple of million dollars worth of baseball talent on the loose,
ready for the big leagues, yet unsigned by any major league.  There are
pitchers who would win 20 games a season ... and outfielders [who] could
hit .350, infielders who could win recognition as stars, and there's at
least one catcher who at this writing is probably superior to Bill Dickey,
Josh Gibson.  Only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues, the
pigmentation of their skin.  They happen to be colored.
		-- Shirley Povich, 1941
Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery
	... by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
QOTD:
	Talent does what it can, genius what it must.
	I do what I get paid to do.
We read to say that we have read.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.
Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kind of neat.
		-- John Lehman, Secretary of the Navy, 1981-1987
"I am, therefore I am."
-- Akira
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
	and those who climb it twice.
QOTD:
	"I never met a man I couldn't drink handsome."
All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.
I'd like MY data-base JULIENNED and stir-fried!
This planet has -- or rather had -- a problem, which was this:  most of
the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time.  Many
solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were
largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper,
which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of
paper that were unhappy.
		-- Douglas Adams
Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	You wouldn't understand.
	You ask too many questions.
	In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders.
	That's for me to know and you to find out.
	Don't let those bullies push you around.  Go in there and stick
		up for yourself.
	You're acting too big for your britches.
	Well, you broke it.  Now are you satisfied?
	Wait till your father gets home.
	Bored?  If you're bored, I've got some chores for you.
	Shape up or ship out.
	A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police
during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he
was making a bolt for the door.
Mystics always hope that science will some day overtake them.
		-- Booth Tarkington
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the
system.  From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine
some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very
sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
		-- Dr. Richard LeBlanc, associate professor of ICS, in
		   Georgia Tech's campus newspaper after the Internet worm.
No user-servicable parts inside.  Refer to qualified service personnel.
Loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence.
To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.
Power is danger.
		-- The Centurion, "Balance of Terror", stardate 1709.2
Endless the world's turn, endless the sun's spinning
Endless the quest;
I turn again, back to my own beginning,
And here, find rest.
Now I lay me down to sleep
I hear the sirens in the street
All my dreams are made of chrome
I have no way to get back home
- Tom Waits
HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME --
	Take a shot every time:

-- Sergeant Schultz says, "I knoooooowww nooooothing!"
-- General Burkhalter or Major Hochstetter intimidate/insult Colonel Klink.
-- Colonel Klink falls for Colonel Hogan's flattery.
-- One of the prisoners sneaks out of camp (one shot for each prisoner to go).
-- Colonel Klink snaps to attention after answering the phone (two shots
	if it's one of our heroes on the other end).
-- One of the Germans is threatened with being sent to the Russian front.
-- Corporal Newkirk calls up a German in his phoney German accent, and
	tricks him (two shots if it's Colonel Klink).
-- Hogan has a romantic interlude with a beautiful girl from the underground.
-- Colonel Klink relates how he's never had an escape from Stalag 13.
-- Sergeant Schultz gives up a secret (two shots if he's bribed with food).
-- The prisoners listen to the Germans' conversation by a hidden transmitter.
-- Sergeant Schultz "captures" one of the prisoners after an escape.
-- Lebeau pronounces "colonel" as "cuh-loh-`nell".
-- Carter builds some kind of device (two shots if it's not explosive).
-- Lebeau wears his apron.
-- Hogan says "We've got no choice" when someone claims that the plan is
	impossible.
-- The prisoners capture an important German, and sneak him out the tunnel.
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
		-- Harrison
Public use of any portable music system is a virtually guaranteed indicator
of sociopathic tendencies.
		-- Zoso
The perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 A.M.
		-- Charles Pierce
You are magnetic in your bearing.
Truthful, adj.:
	Dumb and illiterate.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Now, let's SEND OUT for QUICHE!!
If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
		-- Robert Frost
All work and no pay makes a housewife.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke
Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
		-- Pericles
How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter! the joints of thy
thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman.  Thy navel
is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor:  thy belly is like an heap
of wheat set about with lillies.
Thy two breasts are like two young roses that are twins.
[Song of Solomon 7:1-3 (KJV)]
I heard a definition of an intellectual, that I thought was very interesting:
a man who takes more words than are necessary to tell more than he knows.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower
His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn
"I once witnessed a long-winded, month-long flamewar over the use of
mice vs. trackballs...It was very silly."
(By Matt Welsh)
One learns to itch where one can scratch.
		-- Ernest Bramah
The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Adding features does not necessarily increase functionality -- it just
makes the manuals thicker.
Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.  Politics is about
surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby
All things being equal, you are bound to lose.
"Whom are you?" said he, for he had been to night school.
		-- George Ade
The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of its capacity
-- the rest is overhead for the operating system.
Kids, don't gross me off ... "Adventures with MENTAL HYGIENE" can be
carried too FAR!
There goes the good time that was had by all.
		-- Bette Davis, remarking on a passing starlet
None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one 
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a 
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing 
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient 
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a 
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total
indifference to public notice to be universally recognized.
		-- Tom Stoppard
Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace!
"Don't hate me because I'm beautiful.  Hate me because I'm beautiful, smart 
and rich."
-- Calvin Keegan
The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions is the most likely to be
correct.
		-- William of Occam
   On Krat's main screen appeared the holo image of a man, and several dolphins.
From the man's shape, Krat could tell it was a female, probably their leader.
   "...stupid creatures unworthy of the name `sophonts.'  Foolish, pre-sentient
upspring of errant masters.  We slip away from all your armed might, laughing
at your clumsiness!  We slip away as we always will, you pathetic creatures.
And now that we have a real head start, you'll never catch us!  What better
proof that the Progenitors favor not you, but us!  What better proof..."
   The taunt went on.  Krat listened, enraged, yet at the same time savoring
the artistry of it.  These men are better than I'd thought.  Their insults
are wordy and overblown, but they have talent.  They deserve honorable, slow
deaths.
- David Brin, Startide Rising
When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent
"Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst."
- Thomas Paine
guru, n:
	A computer owner who can read the manual.
Space is big.  You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly
big it is.  I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the
drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
		-- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.
Kiss me twice.  I'm schizophrenic.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Don't tell me how hard you work.  Tell me how much you get done.
-- James J. Ling
Alcoholics Anonymous is when you get to drink under someone else's name.
The three questions of greatest concern are -- 1. Is it attractive?
2. Is it amusing?  3. Does it know its place?
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
		-- Marvin, "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
IV. The time required for an object to fall twenty stories is greater than or
    equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it off the ledge to
    spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it unbroken.
	Such an object is inevitably priceless, the attempt to capture it
	inevitably unsuccessful.
 V. All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
	Psychic forces are sufficient in most bodies for a shock to propel
	them directly away from the earth's surface.  A spooky noise or an
	adversary's signature sound will induce motion upward, usually to
	the cradle of a chandelier, a treetop, or the crest of a flagpole.
	The feet of a character who is running or the wheels of a speeding
	auto need never touch the ground, especially when in flight.
VI. As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once.
	This is particularly true of tooth-and-claw fights, in which a
	character's head may be glimpsed emerging from the cloud of
	altercation at several places simultaneously.  This effect is common
	as well among bodies that are spinning or being throttled.  A "wacky"
	character has the option of self-replication only at manic high
	speeds and may ricochet off walls to achieve the velocity required.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980
When there is an old maid in the house, a watch dog is unnecessary.
		-- Balzac
The good life was so elusive
It really got me down
I had to regain some confidence
So I got into camouflage
I smell a RANCID CORN DOG!
The nation that controls magnetism controls the universe.
		-- Chester Gould/Dick Tracy
Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until they're changed or
help speed the change by breaking them?
Yow!  Did something bad happen or am I in a drive-in movie??
Timing must be perfect now.  Two-timing must be better than perfect.
In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really
good argument; my position is mistaken,' and then they actually change
their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.  They really
do it.  It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are
human and change is sometimes painful.  But it happens every day.  I cannot
recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
		-- Carl Sagan, 1987 CSICOP keynote address
I am just a nice, clean-cut Mongolian boy.
	-- Yul Brynner, 1956
The tree of research must from time to time be refreshed with the blood
of bean counters.
		-- Alan Kay
Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!)
Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace,
And saw, within the moonlight in his room,
Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom,
An angel writing in a book of gold.
Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold,
And to the presence in the room he said,
"What writest thou?"  The vision raised its head,
And with a look made of all sweet accord,
Answered, "The names of those who love the Lord."
"And is mine one?" said Abou. "Nay not so,"
Replied the angel.  Abou spoke more low,
But cheerly still; and said, "I pray thee then,
Write me as one that loves his fellow-men."
The angel wrote, and vanished.  The next night
It came again with a great wakening light,
And showed the names whom love of God had blessed,
And lo!  Ben Adhem's name led all the rest.
		-- James Henry Leigh Hunt, "Abou Ben Adhem"
Department chairmen never die, they just lose their faculties.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after
eating one peanut.
		-- Channing Pollock
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
		-- Mickey Mouse
When does later become never?
What does "it" mean in the sentence "What time is it?"?
... I see TOILET SEATS ...
He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
		-- Scottish proverb.
===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

JCL support as alternative to system menu.

In our continuing effort to support languages other than LISP on the CADDR,
we have developed an OS/360-compatible JCL.  This can be used as an
alternative to the standard system menu.  Type System J to get to a JCL
interactive read-execute-diagnose loop window.  [Note that for 360
compatibility, all input lines are truncated to 80 characters.]  This
window also maintains a mouse-sensitive display of critical job parameters
such as dataset allocation, core allocation, channels, etc.  When a JCL
syntax error is detected or your job ABENDs, the window-oriented JCL
debugger is entered.  The JCL debugger displays appropriate OS/360 error
messages (such as IEC703, "disk error") and allows you to dequeue your job.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single 
man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
I don't get no respect.
"We will be better and braver if we engage and inquire than if we indulge in
the idle fancy that we already know -- or that it is of no use seeking to
know what we do not know."
-- Plato
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
	*** A NEW KIND OF PROGRAMMING ***

Do you want the instant respect that comes from being able to use technical
terms that nobody understands?  Do you want to strike fear and loathing into
the hearts of DP managers everywhere?  If so, then let the Famous Programmers'
School lead you on... into the world of professional computer programming.
They say a good programmer can write 20 lines of effective program per day.
With our unique training course, we'll show you how to write 20 lines of code
and lots more besides.  Our training course covers every programming language
in existence, and some that aren't.  You'll learn why the on/off switch for a
computer is so important, what the words *fatal error* mean, and who and what
you should blame when you make a mistake.

	Yes, I want the brochure describing this incredible offer.
	I enclose $1000 is small unmarked bills to cover the cost of
	postage and handling. (No live poultry, please.)

*** Our Slogan:  Top down programming for the masses. ***
It is enough to make one sympathize with a tyrant for the determination
of his courtiers to deceive him for their own personal ends...
		-- Russell Baker and Charles Peters
I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do too
much damage if it catches fire or explodes.  First you decide which
direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy.  After much
trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot tub to face
is up.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
The truth is that Christian theology, like every other theology, is not only
opposed to the scientific spirit; it is also opposed to all other attempts
at rational thinking.  Not by accident does Genesis 3 make the father of
knowledge a serpent -- slimy, sneaking and abominable.  Since the earliest
days the church as an organization has thrown itself violently against every
effort to liberate the body and mind of man.  It has been, at all times and
everywhere, the habitual and incorrigible defender of bad governments, bad
laws, bad social theories, bad institutions.  It was, for centuries, an
apologist for slavery, as it was the apologist for the divine right of kings.
- H. L. Mencken
Since we're all here, we must not be all there.
		-- Bob "Mountain" Beck
enhance, v.:
	To tamper with an image, usually to its detriment.
The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf
has.  Even when you make a tax form out on the level, you don't know
when it's through if you are a crook or a martyr.
		-- Will Rogers
"Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway so I don't know why I bother
 to say it, oh God, I'm so depressed.  Here's another of those self-satisfied
 doors.  Life!  Don't talk to me about life."
-- Marvin the Paranoid Android
Oh, give me a locus where the gravitons focus
	Where the three-body problem is solved,
	Where the microwaves play down at three degrees K,
	And the cold virus never evolved.			(chorus)
We eat algea pie, our vacuum is high,
	Our ball bearings are perfectly round.
	Our horizon is curved, our warheads are MIRVed,
	And a kilogram weighs half a pound.			(chorus)
If we run out of space for our burgeoning race
	No more Lebensraum left for the Mensch
	When we're ready to start, we can take Mars apart,
	If we just find a big enough wrench.			(chorus)
I'm sick of this place, it's just McDonald's in space,
	And living up here is a bore.
	Tell the shiggies, "Don't cry," they can kiss me goodbye
	'Cause I'm moving next week to L4!			(chorus)

CHORUS:	Home, home on LaGrange,
	Where the space debris always collects,
	We possess, so it seems, two of Man's greatest dreams:
	Solar power and zero-gee sex.
		-- to Home on the Range
Now I know someone out there is going to claim, "Well then, UNIX is intuitive,
because you only need to learn 5000 commands, and then everything else follows
from that! Har har har!"
(Andy Bates in comp.os.linux.misc, on "intuitive interfaces", slightly
defending Macs.)
Nietzsche is pietzsche, but Schiller is killer, and Goethe is moethe.
Take everything in stride.  Trample anyone who gets in your way.
standards, n.:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
What we need is either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.
"Life sucks, but it's better than the alternative."
-- Peter da Silva
A dwarf is passing out somewhere in Detroit!
Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends!
We're so glad you could attend, come inside, come inside!
There behind the glass there's a real blade of grass,
Be careful as you pass, move along, move along.
Come inside, the show's about to start,
Guaranteed to blow your head apart.
Rest assured, you'll get your money's worth,
Greatest show, in heaven, hell or earth!
You gotta see the show!  It's a dynamo!
You gotta see the show!  It's rock 'n' roll!
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)
	The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
I will not sleep here tonight. Home also I cannot go.
	A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
Turning the curve he waved his hand.  A sleek brown head, a seal's, far
out on the water, round.  Usurper.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"
Content:  80% POLYESTER, 20% DACRONi ... The waitress's UNIFORM sheds
TARTAR SAUCE like an 8" by 10" GLOSSY ...
It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that
English is the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many
other languages "You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris
"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was
supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which actually
made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wet Zorro Suit and Other Turning
		   Points in l'Amour"
	Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property
of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane
complexities.  Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to
obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
	Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is
available to anyone.
		-- Tom Weller, "Science Made Stupid"
Admiration, n.:
	Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a
moving automobile.
Documentation is the castor oil of programming.
Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.
Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
It's so beautifully arranged on the plate -- you know someone's fingers
have been all over it.
		-- Julia Child on nouvelle cuisine.
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas
Vax Vobiscum
The Great Movie Posters:

HOODLUMS FROM ANOTHER WORLD ON A RAY-GUN RAMPAGE!
		-- Teenagers from Outher Space (1959)

Which will be Her Mate... MAN OR BEAST?
Meet Velda -- the Kind of Woman -- Man or Gorilla would kill... to Keep.
		-- Untamed Mistress (1960)

NOW AN ALL-MIGHTY ALL-NEW MOTION PICTURE BRINGS THEM TOGETHER FOR THE
FIRST TIME...  HISTORY'S MOST GIGANTIC MONSTERS IN COMBAT ATOP MOUNT FUJI!
		-- King Kong vs. Godzilla (1963)
A small town that cannot support one lawyer can always support two.
Rules for Good Grammar #4.
	 (1) Don't use no double negatives.
	 (2) Make each pronoun agree with their antecedents.
	 (3) Join clauses good, like a conjunction should.
	 (4) About them sentence fragments.
	 (5) When dangling, watch your participles.
	 (6) Verbs has got to agree with their subjects.
	 (7) Just between you and i, case is important.
	 (8) Don't write run-on sentences when they are hard to read.
	 (9) Don't use commas, which aren't necessary.
	(10) Try to not ever split infinitives.
	(11) It is important to use your apostrophe's correctly.
	(12) Proofread your writing to see if you any words out.
	(13) Correct speling is essential.
	(14) A preposition is something you never end a sentence with.
	(15) While a transcendant vocabulary is laudable, one must be eternally
	     careful so that the calculated objective of communication does not
	     become ensconsed in obscurity.  In other words, eschew obfuscation.
To program is to be.
Begathon, n.:
	A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money so
	you won't have to watch commercials.
H. L. Mencken's Law:
	Those who can -- do.
	Those who can't -- teach.

Martin's Extension:
	Those who cannot teach -- administrate.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I.  
I believe everything positively stinks.
-- Lew Col
Remember Darwin; building a better mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.
The good time is approaching,
The season is at hand.
When the merry click of the two-base lick
Will be heard throughout the land.
The frost still lingers on the earth, and
Budless are the trees.
But the merry ring of the voice of spring
Is borne upon the breeze.
		-- Ode to Opening Day, "The Sporting News", 1886
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke
"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people
who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."
		-- Jim Joyce, owner of Jim Joyce's UNIX Bookstore
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin
Franklin said it first.
Suffering alone exists, none who suffer;
The deed there is, but no doer thereof;
Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it;
The Path there is, but none who travel it.
		-- "Buddhist Symbolism", Symbols and Values
Who are the artists in the Computer Graphics Show?  Wavefront's latest box, or 
the people who programmed it?  Should Mandelbrot get all the credit for the 
output of programs like MandelVroom?
-- Peter da Silva
In Hollywood, all marriages are happy.  It's trying to live together
afterwards that causes the problems.
		-- Shelley Winters
program, n.:
	Any task that can't be completed in one telephone call or one
	day.  Once a task is defined as a program ("training program,"
	"sales program," or "marketing program"), its implementation
	always justifies hiring at least three more people.
The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the rationalizations
of the victors.  History is written by the survivors.
		-- Max Lerner
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.
November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the Presidency.
		-- Richard Nixon
Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have
been, and never will be wrong.
		-- Walter Dwight
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Kilroe hic erat!
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get
another chance later on.
Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than
we deserve.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Oreo.
Toddlers are the stormtroopers of the Lord of Entropy.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
		-- H. L. Mencken
First study the enemy.  Seek weakness.
		-- Romulan Commander, "Balance of Terror", stardate 1709.2
Everybody is going somewhere!!  It's probably a garage sale or a
disaster Movie!!
From the Pro 350 Pocket Service Guide, p. 49, Step 5 of the
instructions on removing an I/O board from the card cage, comes a new
experience in sound:

5.  Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees.  The pin-spreading
    sound is normal for this type of connector.
I have just had eighteen whiskeys in a row.  I do believe that is a record.
		-- Dylan Thomas, his last words
You just know when a relationship is about to end.  My girlfriend called me
at work and asked me how you change a lightbulb in the bathroom.  "It's very
simple," I said. "You start by filling up the bathtub with water..."
Conquest is easy. Control is not.
		-- Kirk, "Mirror, Mirror", stardate unknown
-- Scintillate, scintillate, asteroid minikin.
-- Members of an avian species of identical plumage congregate.
-- Surveillance should precede saltation.
-- Pulchritude possesses solely cutaneous profundity.
-- It is fruitless to become lachrymose over precipitately departed
	lacteal fluid.
-- Freedom from incrustations of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
-- It is fruitless to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated
	canine with innovative maneuvers.
-- Eschew the implement of correction and vitiate the scion.
-- The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly
	galled saucepan does not reach 212 degrees Farenheit.
DOS: n., A small annoying boot virus that causes random spontaneous system
     crashes, usually just before saving a massive project.  Easily cured by
     UNIX.  See also MS-DOS, IBM-DOS, DR-DOS.
(from David Vicker's .plan)
	The Arkansas legislature passed a law that states that the Arkansas
River can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.
Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	(1) They want it quick.
	(2) They want it good.
	(3) They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company
There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
		-- Darth Vader
Q:	Why do the police always travel in threes?
A:	One to do the reading, one to do the writing, and the other keeps
	an eye on the two intellectuals.
			Pittsburgh driver's test

(2) A traffic light at an intersection changes from yellow to red, you should

	(a) stop immediately.
	(b) proceed slowly through the intersection.
	(c) blow the horn.
	(d) floor it.

The correct answer is (d). If you said (c), you were almost right, so
give yourself a half point.
Q:  What's the difference between a car salesman and a computer
    salesman?

A:  The car salesman can probably drive!

-- Joan McGalliard (jem@latcs1.oz.au)
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
		-- Samuel Goldwyn
"Ask not what A Group of Employees can do for you.  But ask what can 
All Employees do for A Group of Employees."    
-- Mike Dennison
Death didn't answer.  He was looking at Spold in the same way as a dog looks
at a bone, only in this case things were more or less the other way around.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Colour of Magic"
Depart in pieces, i.e., split.
There can be no twisted thought without a twisted molecule.
		-- R. W. Gerard
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song,
A medley of extemporanea;
And love is thing that can never go wrong;
And I am Marie of Roumania.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Comment"
Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a cheering
squad and another paycheck.  When a woman marries, she gets a boarder.
I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in
my body.  Then I realized who was telling me this.
		-- Emo Phillips
To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.
Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw.
Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore.
Seems I'm not alone in being alone.
Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.
		-- The Police, "Message in a Bottle"
When some people decide it's time for everyone to make big changes,
it means that they want you to change first.
If it ain't baroque, don't phiques it.
Although we modern persons tend to take our electric lights, radios, mixers,
etc., for granted, hundreds of years ago people did not have any of these
things, which is just as well because there was no place to plug them in.
Then along came the first Electrical Pioneer, Benjamin Franklin, who flew a
kite in a lighting storm and received a serious electrical shock.  This
proved that lighting was powered by the same force as carpets, but it also
damaged Franklin's brain so severely that he started speaking only in
incomprehensible maxims, such as "A penny saved is a penny earned."
Eventually he had to be given a job running the post office.
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"
... I have read the INSTRUCTIONS ...
If ever the pleasure of one has to be bought by the pain of the other, there
better be no trade.  A trade by which one gains and the other loses is a fraud.
		-- Dagny Taggart, "Atlas Shrugged"
I'm not afraid of death -- I just don't want to be there when it happens.
		-- Woody Allen
Oh my GOD -- the SUN just fell into YANKEE STADIUM!!
The whole world is a scab.  The point is to pick it constructively.
		-- Peter Beard
I have become me without my consent.
One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't understand
hat was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was reknowned for 
being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the time, which
obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be puzzled
rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
-- Douglas Adams, _The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy_
"It's when they say 2 + 2 = 5 that I begin to argue."
-- Eric Pepke
Go placidly amid the noise and waste,
And remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep.
Rotate your tires.
Speak glowingly of those greater than yourself,
And heed well their advice -- even though they be turkeys.
Know what to kiss -- and when.
Remember that two wrongs never make a right,
But that three do.
Wherever possible, put people on "HOLD".
Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment,
And despite the changing fortunes of time,
There is always a big future in computer maintenance.

	You are a fluke of the universe ...
	You have no right to be here.
	Whether you can hear it or not, the universe
	Is laughing behind your back.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
It is not that polar co-ordinates are complicated, it is simply
that cartesian co-ordinates are simpler than they have a right to be.
		-- Kleppner & Kolenhow, "An Introduction to Mechanics"
"Let every man teach his son, teach his daughter, that labor is honorable."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than 
frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?  
		-- M. Proust
When Yahweh your gods has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and
driven out many infidels before you...you're to cut them down and exterminate
them.  You're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy.
[Deut. 7:1 (KJV)]
"Force is but might," the teacher said--
"That definition's just."
The boy said naught but thought instead,
Remembering his pounded head:
"Force is not might but must!"
Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
		-- Rob Pike
In America today ... we have Woody Allen, whose humor has become so
sophisticated that nobody gets it any more except Mia Farrow.  All those who
think Mia Farrow should go back to making movies where the devil gets her
pregnant and Woody Allen should go back to dressing up as a human sperm,
please raise your hands.  Thank you.
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"
Pardon me while I laugh.
One man's folly is another man's wife.
		-- Helen Rowland
If only God would give me some clear sign!  Like making a large deposit
in my name at a Swiss Bank.
- Woody Allen
Honorable, adj.:
	Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.  In legislative
	bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as,
	"the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.  This is called Monotony.
Bureau Termination, Law of:
	When a government bureau is scheduled to be phased out,
	the number of employees in that bureau will double within
	12 months after the decision is made.
Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.
QOTD:
	The forest may be quiet, but that doesn't mean
	the snakes have gone away.
Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long
	"During the race
	 We may eat your dust,
	 But when you graduate,
	 You'll work for us."
	-- Reed College cheer
Famous last words:
	(1) Don't unplug it, it will just take a moment to fix.
	(2) Let's take the shortcut, he can't see us from there.
	(3) What happens if you touch these two wires tog--
	(4) We won't need reservations.
	(5) It's always sunny there this time of the year.
	(6) Don't worry, it's not loaded.
	(7) They'd never (be stupid enough to) make him a manager.
	(8) Don't worry!  Women love it!
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
You know what they say -- the sweetest word in the English language is revenge.
		-- Peter Beard
If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
In the beginning there was nothing.  And the Lord said "Let There Be Light!"
And still there was nothing, but at least now you could see it.
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
The questions remain the same.  The answers are eternally variable.
Some of them want to use you,
Some of them want to be used by you,
...Everybody's looking for something.
		-- Eurythmics
Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
		-- Lao Tsu
Wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise.
		-- John Heywood
Say "twenty-three-skiddoo" to logout.
Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"
May's Law:
	The quality of correlation is inversly proportional to the density
	of control.  (The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.)
Nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And we bent our backs as slaves of the night,
Then she lowered her guard and showed me the scars
She got from trying to fight
Saying, oh, you'd better believe it.
[...]
Well nothing that's real is ever for free
And you just have to pay for it sometime.
She said it before, she said it to me,
I suppose she believed there was nothing to see,
But the same old four imaginary walls
She'd built for livin' inside
I said oh, you just can't mean it.
[...]
Well nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And she may have been wrong, and she may have been right,
But I woke with the frost, and noticed she'd lost
The veil that covered her eyes,
I said oh, you can leave it.
		-- Al Stewart, "If It Doesn't Come Naturally, Leave It"
Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais
It got to the point where I had to get a haircut or both feet firmly
planted in the air.
It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level
language named "research student".
Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's
incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
		-- Muad'dib, "Dune"
"An Academic speculated whether a bather is beautiful
if there is none in the forest to admire her. He hid
in the bushes to find out, which vitiated his premise
but made him happy.
Moral: Empiricism is more fun than speculation."
-- Sam Weber
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six.  Mother took me to
see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.
		-- Shirley Temple
Consultant, n.:
	[From con "to defraud, dupe, swindle," or, possibly, French con
	(vulgar) "a person of little merit" + sult elliptical form of
	"insult."]  A tipster disguised as an oracle, especially one who
	has learned to decamp at high speed in spite of a large briefcase
	and heavy wallet.
sunset, n.:
	Pronounced atmospheric scattering of shorter wavelengths,
	resulting in selective transmission below 650 nanometers with
	progressively reducing solar elevation.
	"Get back to your stations!"
	"We're beaming down to the planet, sir."
		-- Kirk and Mr. Leslie, "This Side of Paradise",
		   stardate 3417.3
	Mr. Jones related an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ordered some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separately."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail
I doubt, therefore I might be.
I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a
novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
		-- Fred Allen
	I managed to say, "Sorry," and no more.  I knew that he disliked
me to cry.
	This time he said, watching me, "On some occasions it is better
to weep."
	I put my head down on the table and sobbed, "If only she could come
back; I would be nice."
	Francis said, "You gave her great pleasure always."
	"Oh, not enough."
	"Nobody can give anybody enough."
	"Not ever?"
	"No, not ever.  But one must go on trying."
	"And doesn't one ever value people until they are gone?"
	"Rarely," said Francis.  I went on weeping; I saw how little I had
valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
		-- Pamela Frankau, "The Duchess and the Smugs"
	"I don't know what you mean by 'glory'," Alice said.
	Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.  "Of course you don't --
till I tell you.  I meant 'there's a nice knock-down argument for you!'"
	"But glory doesn't mean 'a nice knock-down argument'," Alice
objected.
	"When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in a rather scornful
tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor less."
	"The question is," said Alice, "whether you can make words mean
so many different things."
	"The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master --
that's all."
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Through the Looking Glass"
standards, n.:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.
Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get
a prompt, type like hell.
Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use
this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
		-- Machiavelli
I always pass on good advice.  It is the only thing to do with it.
It is never any good to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "An Ideal Husband"
design, v.:
	What you regret not doing later on.
Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.
I'd rather just believe that it's done by little elves running around.
[FORTRAN] will persist for some time -- probably for at least the next decade.
		-- T. Cheatham
This is the story of the bee
Whose sex is very hard to see

You cannot tell the he from the she
But she can tell, and so can he

The little bee is never still
She has no time to take the pill

And that is why, in times like these
There are so many sons of bees.
Some men are all right in their place -- if they only the knew the right places!
		-- Mae West
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Last guys don't finish nice.
		-- Stanley Kelley, on the cult of victory at all costs
April 1

This is the day upon which we are reminged of what we are on the other three
hundred and sixty-four.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You cannot use your friends and have them too.
The magic of our first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
Birds and bees have as much to do with the facts of life as black
nightgowns do with keeping warm.
		-- Hester Mundis, "Powermom"
Quality control, n.:
	Assuring that the quality of a product does not get out of hand
	and add to the cost of its manufacture or design.
Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most important programming language
yet developed.
		-- T. Cheatham
If you're careful enough, nothing bad or good will ever happen to you.
Paul's Law:
	You can't fall off the floor.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
	there is nothing important to do.
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
- Calvin Keegan
The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
"What is the Nature of God?"

    CLICK...CLICK...WHIRRR...CLICK...=BEEP!=
    1 QT. SOUR CREAM
    1 TSP. SAUERKRAUT
    1/2 CUT CHIVES.
    STIR AND SPRINKLE WITH BACON BITS.

"I've just GOT to start labeling my software..."
		-- Bloom County
The First Rule of Program Optimization:
	Don't do it.

The Second Rule of Program Optimization (for experts only!):
	Don't do it yet.
		-- Michael Jackson
It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old.  However, it's a pretty small
price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands computers.
"Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some
of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?"
		-- Patricia O Tuama, rissa@killer.DALLAS.TX.US
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
		-- Desiderius Erasmus
The wombat lives across the seas,
Among the far Antipodes.
He may exist on nuts and berries,
Or then again, on missionaries;
His distant habitat precludes
Conclusive knowledge of his moods.
But I would not engage the wombat
In any form of mortal combat.
		-- "The Wombat"
paranoia, n.:
	A healthy understanding of the way the universe works.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward,
then we are a sorry lot indeed.
		-- Albert Einstein
Above all things, reverence yourself.
The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #15

	"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses."
	And while you're at it, throw in a couple of those Dallas
	Cowboy cheerleaders.
You have junk mail.
Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention:
	Unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will
	reject the proposal.
Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?
QOTD:
	"Everything I am today I owe to people, whom it is now
	to late to punish."
Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.
Sometimes the light's all shining on me,
Other times I can barely see.
Lately it occurs to me
What a long strange trip it's been.
		-- The Grateful Dead, "American Beauty"
On my planet, to rest is to rest -- to cease using energy.  To me, it
is quite illogical to run up and down on green grass, using energy,
instead of saving it.
		-- Spock, "Shore Leave", stardate 3025.2
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.
The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
	[so say said sentence sextuply...]
And that's the way it is...
		-- Walter Cronkite
... The Anarchists' [national] anthem is an international anthem that
consists of 365 raspberries blown in very quick succession to the tune
of "Camptown Races".  Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to
listen to it, and, even better, nobody has to play it.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
		-- F. Dostoyevski
It is against the law for a monster to enter the corporate limits of
Urbana, Illinois.
What this country needs is a good five cent nickel.
I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
They're still living in the fifties.
		-- Strange de Jim
Women want their men to be cops.  They want you to punish them and tell
them what the limits are.  The only thing that women hate worse from a man
than being slapped is when you get on your knees and say you're sorry.
		-- Mort Sahl
"I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in `Y.'"
A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.
If you have to hate, hate gently.
My haircut is totally traditional!
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
Elevators smell different to midgets.
The men sat sipping their tea in silence.  After a while the klutz said,
	"Life is like a bowl of sour cream."
	"Like a bowl of sour cream?" asked the other.  "Why?"
	"How should I know?  What am I, a philosopher?"
It's amazing how many people you could be friends with if only they'd
make the first approach.
Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or situations that
can't bear inspection.
What I tell you three times is true.
		-- Lewis Carroll
	During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm.  He
stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an agressive Rhode
Island Red hopped on top.  Seeing this, the farmer commented, "Chicken catch
a Tory!"
The future isn't what it used to be.  (It never was.)
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
I knew Leo G. Carrol
Was over a barrel
When Tarantula took to the hills.	["Lick it!"]
And I really got hot
When I saw Jeanette Scott
Fight a triffid that spits poison and kills.

Science fiction, double feature
Doctor X will build a creature.
See androids fighting Brad and Janet
Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh
At the late night, double feature, picture show.
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show
Let us go then you and I
while the night is laid out against the sky
like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie.

"Nice poem Tom.  I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?"
	-- Ezra
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
		-- Albert Einstein

They laughed at Einstein.  They laughed at the Wright Brothers.  But they
also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
		-- Carl Sagan
"Our reruns are better than theirs."
-- Nick at Nite
Justice, n.:
	A decision in your favor.
	I think for the most part that the readership here uses the c-word in
a similar fashion.  I don't think anybody really believes in a new, revolution-
ary literature --- I think they use `cyberpunk' as a term of convenience to
discuss the common stylistic elements in a small subset of recent sf books.
-- Jeff G. Bone
Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
		-- Saint Exupery
America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.
Once, I read that a man be never stronger than when he truly realizes how
weak he is.
		-- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"
You can never do just one thing.
		-- Hardin
You buttered your bread, now lie in it.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
		-- William Blake
APL is a write-only language.  I can write programs in APL, but I can't
read any of them.
		-- Roy Keir
Earth is a beta site.
If you love someone, set them free.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
		-- John Heywood
A girl and a boy bump into each other -- surely an accident.
A girl and a boy bump and her handkerchief drops -- surely another accident.
But when a girl gives a boy a dead squid -- *____that ___had __to ____mean _________something*.
		-- S. Morganstern, "The Silent Gondoliers"
Silverman's Law:
	If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
	"Of course."
	"Have you ever seen me before?"
	"Never."
	"Then how do you know it was me?"
If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
		-- Anton Chekhov
November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Yow!  I'm imagining a surfer van filled with soy sauce!
This sentence contradicts itself -- no actually it doesn't.
		-- Douglas Hofstadter
We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful --
but those are only handicaps.  Our pride is that nevertheless, now and
then, we do our best.  A few times we succeed.  What more dare we ask for?
		-- Ensign Flandry
	Catching his children with their hands in the new, still wet, patio,
the father spanked them.  His wife asked, "Don't you love your children?"
"In the abstract, yes, but not in the concrete."
It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been
dead for two years.
		-- Tom Lehrer
"sic transit discus mundi"
(From the System Administrator's Guide, by Lars Wirzenius)
love, v.:
	I'll let you play with my life if you'll let me play with yours.
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
		-- Kronecker
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
		-- George Orwell
Blessed be those who initiate lively discussions with the hopelessly mute,
for they shall be know as Dentists.
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
		-- Princess Leia Organa
	"Yo, Mike!"
	"Yeah, Gabe?"
	"We got a problem down on Earth.  In Utah."
	"I thought you fixed that last century!"
	"No, no, not that.  Someone's found a security problem in the physics
program.  They're getting energy out of nowhere."
	"Blessit!  Lemme look...  <tappity clickity tappity>  Hey, it's
there all right!  OK, just a sec...  <tappity clickity tap... save... compile>
There, that ought to patch it.  Dist it out, wouldja?"
		-- Cold Fusion, 1989
Dear Emily:
	I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to
summarize.  What should I do?
		-- Editor

Dear Editor:
	Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post
that.  On USENET, this is known as a summary.  It lets people read all the
replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way.  Do the same when
summarizing a vote.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee.
		-- Snoopy
A lot of people are afraid of heights.  Not me.  I'm afraid of widths.
		-- Steven Wright
Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed 
to be doing at the moment.
		-- Robert Benchley
The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
		-- Steven Wright
You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty spray paint cans
in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.
It has been said [by Anatole France], "it is not by amusing oneself
that one learns," and, in reply: "it is *____only* by amusing oneself that
one can learn."
		-- Edward Kasner and James R. Newman
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
		-- Steven Wright
Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"
Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual
way.  This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of
complaining.
		-- Jeff Raskin
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
Santa Claus is watching!
Kinkler's First Law:
	Responsibility always exceeds authority.

Kinkler's Second Law:
	All the easy problems have been solved.
I'd probably settle for a vampire if he were romantic enough.
Couldn't be any worse than some of the relationships I've had.
		-- Brenda Starr
I'd rather have two girls at 21 each than one girl at 42.
		-- W.C. Fields
A pig is a jolly companion,
Boar, sow, barrow, or gilt --
A pig is a pal, who'll boost your morale, 
Though mountains may topple and tilt.
When they've blackballed, bamboozled, and burned you,
When they've turned on you, Tory and Whig,
Though you may be thrown over by Tabby and Rover,
You'll never go wrong with a pig, a pig,
You'll never go wrong with a pig!
		-- Thomas Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow"
Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
	Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.  Waiting
alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.  It is
the source of all programs.  I do not know its name, so I will call it the
Tao of Programming.
	If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.  If the
operating system is great, then the compiler is great.  If the compiler is
greater, then the applications is great.  The user is pleased and there is
harmony in the world.
	The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of
morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
He's dead, Jim.
		-- McCoy, "The Devil in the Dark", stardate 3196.1
In California they don't throw their garbage away -- they make it into
television shows.
		-- Woody Allen, "Annie Hall"
Barker's Proof:
	Proofreading is more effective after publication.
So... so you think you can tell
Heaven from Hell?
Blue skies from pain?			Did they get you to trade
Can you tell a green field		Your heroes for ghosts?
From a cold steel rail?			Hot ashes for trees?
A smile from a veil?			Hot air for a cool breeze?
Do you think you can tell?		Cold comfort for change?
					Did you exchange
					A walk on part in a war
					For the lead role in a cage?
		-- Pink Floyd, "Wish You Were Here"
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining
and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
		-- Mark Twain
I've built a better model than the one at Data General
For data bases vegetable, animal, and mineral
My OS handles CPUs with multiplexed duality;
My PL/1 compiler shows impressive functionality.
My storage system's better than magnetic core polarity,
You never have to bother checking out a bit for parity;
There isn't any reason to install non-static floor matting;
My disk drive has capacity for variable formatting.

I feel compelled to mention what I know to be a gloating point:
There's lots of room in memory for variables floating-point,
Which shows for input vegetable, animal, and mineral
I've built a better model than the one at Data General.

		-- Steve Levine, "A Computer Song" (To the tune of
		   "Modern Major General", from "Pirates of Penzance",
		   by Gilbert & Sullivan)
"Note that if I can get you to \"su and say\" something just by asking,
you have a very serious security problem on your system and you should
look into it."
(By Paul Vixie, vixie-cron 3.0.1 installation notes)
Enjoy yourself while you're still old.
In just seven days, I can make you a man!
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show
Q:	How do you catch a unique rabbit?
A:	Unique up on it!

Q:	How do you catch a tame rabbit?
A:	The tame way!
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the men are strong, the women are pretty,
and the children are above-average.
		-- Garrison Keillor
Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
		-- Mark Harrold
When the government bureau's remedies don't match your problem, you modify
the problem, not the remedy.
I allow the world to live as it chooses, and I allow myself to live as I
choose.
...I would go so far as to suggest that, were it not for our ego and 
concern to be different, the African apes would be included in our 
family, the Hominidae.
- Richard Leakey
The difference between a lawyer and a rooster is that
the rooster gets up in the morning and clucks defiance.
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
Rule of the Great:
	When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep
	thoughts, they probably are thinking about lunch.
The Gordian Maxim:
	If a string has one end, it has another.
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
		-- H.H. Munro, "Saki"
The main thing is the play itself.  I swear that greed for money has nothing
to do with it, although heaven knows I am sorely in need of money.
- Feodor Dostoyevsky
Today is the last day of your life so far.
And here I wait so patiently
Waiting to find out what price
You have to pay to get out of
Going thru all of these things twice
		-- Dylan, "Memphis Blues Again"
America works less, when you say "Union Yes!"
If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have
schizophrenia.
		-- Thomas Szasz
All your files have been destroyed (sorry).  Paul.
Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.
transparent, adj.:
	Being or pertaining to an existing, nontangible object.
	"It's there, but you can't see it"
		-- IBM System/360 announcement, 1964.

virtual, adj.:
	Being or pertaining to a tangible, nonexistent object.
	"I can see it, but it's not there."
		-- Lady Macbeth.
Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare
Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer.  Let it simmer.  Meanwhile,
broil a good steak.  Eat the steak.  Let the chili simmer.  Ignore it.
		-- Recipe for chili from Allan Shrivers, former governor
		   of Texas.
Fools ignore complexity.  Pragmatists suffer it.
Some can avoid it.  Geniuses remove it.
-- Perlis's Programming Proverb #58, SIGPLAN Notices, Sept.  1982
I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson
Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.
Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves
possess.
		-- Gandalf the Grey [J.R.R. Tolkien, "Lord of the Rings"]
-- I have seen the FUN --
There was this New Yorker that had a lifelong ambition to be an Texan.
Fortunately, he had an Texan friend and went to him for advice.  "Mike,
you know I've always wanted to be a Texan.  You're a *____real* Texan, what
should I do?"
	"Well," answered Mike, "The first thing you've got to do is look
like a Texan.  That means you have to dress right.  The second thing
you've got to do is speak in a southern drawl."
	"Thanks, Mike, I'll give it a try," replied the New Yorker.
	A few weeks passed and the New Yorker saunters into a store dressed
in a ten-gallon hat, cowboy boots, Levi jeans and a bandanna.  "Hey, there,
pardner, I'd like some beef, not too rare, and some of them fresh biscuits,"
he tells the counterman.
	The guy behind the counter takes a long look at him and then says,
"You must be from New York."
	The New Yorker blushes, and says, "Well, yes, I am.  How did
you know?"
	"Because this is a hardware store."
management, n.:
	The art of getting other people to do all the work.
A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
All tenderly his messenger he chose;
Deep-hearted, pure, with scented dew still wet--
One perfect rose.

I knew the language of the floweret;
"My fragile leaves," it said, "his heart enclose."
Love long has taken for his amulet
One perfect rose.

Why is it no one ever sent me yet
One perfect limousine, do you suppose?
Ah no, it's always just my luck to get
One perfect rose.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "One Perfect Rose"
Q:	How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	That's proprietary information.  Answer available from AT&T on payment
	of license fee (binary only).
Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is
paranoid and the other one is out to get him.
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE
	Oh, dear, where can the matter be
	When it's converted to energy?
	There is a slight loss of parity.
	Johnny's so long at the fair.
Even the clearest and most perfect circumstantial evidence is likely to be at
fault, after all, and therefore ought to be received with great caution.  Take
the case of any pencil, sharpened by any woman; if you have witnesses, you will
find she did it with a knife; but if you take simply the aspect of the pencil,
you will say that she did it with her teeth.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

It is a rule of evidence deduced from the experience of mankind and
supported by reason and authority that positive testimony is entitled to
more weight than negative testimony, but by the latter term is meant
negative testimony in its true sense and not positive evidence of a
negative, because testimony in support of a negative may be as positive
as that in support of an affirmative.
		-- 254 Pac. Rep. 472.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and
the real reason.
Beware of geeks bearing graft.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time
to reform.
		-- Mark Twain
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
		-- Christopher Morley
One promising concept that I came up with right away was that you could
manufacture personal air bags, then get a law passed requiring that they be
installed on congressmen to keep them from taking trips.  Let's say your
congressman was trying to travel to Paris to do a fact-finding study on how
the French government handles diseases transmitted by sherbet.  Just when he
got to the plane, his mandatory air bag, strapped around his waist, would
inflate -- FWWAAAAAAPPPP -- thus rendering him too large to fit through the
plane door.  It could also be rigged to inflate whenever the congressman
proposed a law.  ("Mr. Speaker, people ask me, why should October be
designated as Cuticle Inspection Month?  And I answer that FWWAAAAAAPPPP.")
This would save millions of dollars, so I have no doubt that the public
would violently support a law requiring airbags on congressmen.  The problem
is that your potential market is very small: there are only around 500
members of Congress, and some of them, such as House Speaker "Tip" O'Neil,
are already too large to fit on normal aircraft.
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"
I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
		-- John Foreman
I was born in a Hostess Cupcake factory before the sexual revolution!
"Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons 
for it afterwards."
-- Soren F. Petersen
A fellow bought a new car, a Nissan, and was quite happy with his purchase.
He was something of an animist, however, and felt that the car really ought
to have a name.  This presented a problem, as he was not sure if the name
should be masculine or feminine.
	After considerable thought, he settled on an naming the car either
Belchazar or Beaumadine, but remained in a quandry about the final choice.
	"Is a Nissan male or female?" he began asking his friends.  Most of
them looked at him pecularly, mumbled things about urgent appointments, and
went on their way rather quickly.
	He finally broached the question to a lady he knew who held a black
belt in judo.  She thought for a moment and answered "Feminine."
	The swiftness of her response puzzled him. "You're sure of that?" he
asked.
	"Certainly," she replied. "They wouldn't sell very well if they were
masculine."
	"Unhhh...  Well, why not?"
	"Because people want a car with a reputation for going when you want
it to.  And, if Nissan's are female, it's like they say...  `Each Nissan, she
go!'"

	[No, we WON'T explain it; go ask someone who practices an oriental
	martial art.  (Tai Chi Chuan probably doesn't count.)  Ed.]
I'm So Miserable Without You It's Almost Like Having You Here
		-- Song title by Stephen Bishop.

She Got the Gold Mine, I Got the Shaft
		-- Song title by Jerry Reed.

When My Love Comes Back from the Ladies' Room Will I Be Too Old to Care?
		-- Song title by Lewis Grizzard.

I Don't Know Whether to Kill Myself or Go Bowling
		-- Unattributed song title.

Drop Kick Me, Jesus, Through the Goal Posts of Life
		-- Unattributed song title.
Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
		-- Joseph Alsop
The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal,
and deviation standard.
A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.
[War] is instinctive.  But the instinct can be fought.  We're human
beings with the blood of a million savage years on our hands!  But we
can stop it.  We can admit that we're killers ... but we're not going
to kill today.  That's all it takes!  Knowing that we're not going to
kill today!
		-- Kirk, "A Taste of Armageddon", stardate 3193.0
Slow day.  Practice crawling.
Legislation proposed in the Illinois State Legislature, May, 1907:
	"Speed upon county roads will be limited to ten miles an hour
unless the motorist sees a bailiff who does not appear to have had a
drink in 30 days, when the driver will be permitted to make what he can."
You climb to reach the summit, but once there, discover that all roads
lead down.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "The Cyberiad"
The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another
mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same
being who produces the impressions.
		-- Marquis D.A.F. de Sade
Kids, the seven basic food groups are GUM, PUFF PASTRY, PIZZA,
PESTICIDES, ANTIBIOTICS, NUTRA-SWEET and MILK DUDS!!
UNIX was half a billion (500000000) seconds old on
Tue Nov  5 00:53:20 1985 GMT (measuring since the time(2) epoch).
		-- Andy Tannenbaum
The trouble with a kitten is that
When it grows up, it's always a cat
		-- Ogden Nash.
Doctors and lawyers must go to school for years and years, often with
little sleep and with great sacrifice to their first wives.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.
Backward conditioning:
	Putting saliva in a dog's mouth in an attempt to make a bell ring.
In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he
thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent
teacher should know.  "I would not leave the definition of math," Dr. Honig
said, "up to the mathematicians."
		-- The New York Times, October 22, 1985
"A word to the wise: a credentials dicksize war is usually a bad idea on the
net."
(David Parsons in c.o.l.development.system, about coding in C.)
Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his 
barstool and lay motionless on the floor.
	"One thing about Jim," the other said to the bartender, "he sure
knows when to stop."
DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
		-- Mel Ferentz
interest, n.:
	What borrowers pay, lenders receive, stockholders own, and
	burned out employees must feign.
Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
Hey, diddle, diddle the overflow pdl
To get a little more stack;
If that's not enough then you lose it all
And have to pop all the way back.
Vila: "I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life."

Orac: "It is unlikely.  I would predict there are far greater mistakes
      waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."
Keep it short for pithy sake.
He who invents adages for others to peruse
takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be
done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
		-- E. Hubbard
"I'm in Pittsburgh.  Why am I here?"
		-- Harold Urey, Nobel Laureate
byob, v:
	Believing Your Own Bull
There are three things I have always loved and never understood --
art, music, and women.
Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
		-- The Squirrels' Motto (The "Hell's Angels of Nature")
"Is it really you, Fuzz, or is it Memorex, or is it radiation sickness?" 
-- Sonic Disruptors comics
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.
As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I salivate at the sight of mittens.
 2. If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
 3. Some people never look at me.
 4. Spinach makes me feel alone.
 5. My sex life is A-okay.
 6. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
 7. I like to kill mosquitoes.
 8. Cousins are not to be trusted.
 9. It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
10. I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
11. I think most people would cry to gain a point.
12. I cannot read or write.
13. I am bored by thoughts of death.
14. I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
15. I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
16. I am never startled by a fish.
17. My mother's uncle was a good man.
18. I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
19. People who break the law are wise guys.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.
You were s'posed to laugh!
The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions is the most likely to be
correct.
		-- William of Occam
All of the people in my building are insane.  The guy above me designs
synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats.  The lady across the hall tried to
rob a department store... with a pricing gun...  She said, "Give me all
of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store."
		-- Steven Wright
QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)
In Minnesota they ask why all football fields in Iowa have artificial turf.
It's so the cheerleaders won't graze during the game.
The difference between a lawyer and a rooster is that
the rooster gets up in the morning and clucks defiance.
Documentation is the castor oil of programming.
Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
		-- Erma Bombeck
Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.
I'm meditating on the FORMALDEHYDE and the ASBESTOS leaking into my
PERSONAL SPACE!!
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...
	The master programmer moves from program to program without fear.  No
change in management can harm him.  He will not be fired, even if the project
is canceled. Why is this?  He is filled with the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?
Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
		-- Charles D'Hericault
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided
by the number of people in the group.
The history of warfare is similarly subdivided, although here the phases
are Retribution, Anticipation, and Diplomacy.  Thus:

Retribution:
	I'm going to kill you because you killed my brother.
Anticipation:
	I'm going to kill you because I killed your brother.
Diplomacy:
	I'm going to kill my brother and then kill you on the
	pretext that your brother did it.
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an
open doorway with an open mind.
		-- E.B. White
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
QOTD:
	"There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm sure looking."
After living in New York, you trust nobody, but you believe everything.
Just in case.
I'm RELIGIOUS!!  I love a man with a HAIRPIECE!!  Equip me with MISSILES!!
There is something in the pang of change
More than the heart can bear,
Unhappiness remembering happiness.
		-- Euripides
An Animal that knows who it is, one that has a sense of his own identity, is
a discontented creature, doomed to create new problems for himself for the
duration of his stay on this planet.  Since neither the mouse nor the chip
knows what is, he is spared all the vexing problems that follow this
discovery.  But as soon as the human animal who asked himself this question
emerged, he plunged himself and his descendants into an eternity of doubt
and brooding, speculation and truth-seeking that has goaded him through the
centures as reelentlessly as hunger or sexual longing.  The chimp that does
not know that he exists is not driven to discover his origins and is spared
the tragic necessity of contemplating his own end.  And even if the animal 
experimenters succeed in teaching a chimp to count one hundred bananas or 
to play chess, the chimp will develop no science and he will exhibit no 
appreciation of beauty, for the greatest part of man's wisdom may be traced
back to the eternal questions of beginnings and endings, the quest to give
meaning to his existence, to life itself.
-- Selma Fraiberg, _The Magic Years_, pg. 193
We'll be recording at the Paradise Friday night.  Live, on the Death label.
		-- Swan, "Phantom of the Paradise"
My parents went to Niagara Falls and all I got was this crummy life.
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
Non-Determinism is not meant to be reasonable.
		-- M.J. 0'Donnell
Big book, big bore.
		-- Callimachus
When a lot of remedies are suggested for a disease, that means it can't
be cured.
		-- Anton Chekhov, "The Cherry Orchard"
Nine megs for the secretaries fair,
Seven megs for the hackers scarce,
Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs,
Three megs for system source;

One disk to rule them all,
One disk to bind them,
One disk to hold the files
And in the darkness grind 'em.
"An open mind has but one disadvantage: it collects dirt."
-- a saying at RPI
Attorney General Edwin Meese III explained why the Supreme Court's Miranda
decision (holding that subjects have a right to remain silent and have a
lawyer present during questioning) is unnecessary: "You don't have many
suspects who are innocent of a crime.  That's contradictory.  If a person
is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect."
		-- U.S. News and World Report, 10/14/85
Programmers do it bit by bit.
She often gave herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the
system.  From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine
some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very
sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
		-- Dr. Richard LeBlanc, associate professor of ICS, in
		   Georgia Tech's campus newspaper after the Internet worm.
All of life is a blur of Republicans and meat!
It is imperative when flying coach that you restrain any tendency toward
the vividly imaginative.  For although it may momentarily appear to be the
case, it is not at all likely that the cabin is entirely inhabited by
crying babies smoking inexpensive domestic cigars.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.
		-- D. Winker and F. Prosser
"There was a vague, unpleasant manginess about his appearence; he somehow
seemed dirty, though a close glance showed him as carefully shaven as an
actor, and clad in immaculate linen."
-- H.L. Mencken, on the death of William Jennings Bryan
Finding the occasional straw of truth awash in a great ocean of confusion and
bamboozle requires intelligence, vigilance, dedication and courage.  But if we
don't practice these tough habits of thought, we cannot hope to solve the truly
serious problems that face us -- and we risk becoming a nation of suckers, up
for grabs by the next charlatan who comes along.
-- Carl Sagan, "The Fine Art of Baloney Detection," Parade, February 1, 1987
Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent
and original in your work.
		-- Flaubert
I know engineers.  They love to change things.
- Dr. McCoy
Nice guys get sick.
Some men are all right in their place -- if they only the knew the right places!
		-- Mae West
Lo!  Men have become the tool of their tools.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand
Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."
Look out!  Behind you!
To one large turkey add one gallon of vermouth and a demijohn of Angostura
bitters.  Shake.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, recipe for turkey cocktail.
	One evening he spoke.  Sitting at her feet, his face raised to her,
he allowed his soul to be heard.  "My darling, anything you wish, anything
I am, anything I can ever be...  That's what I want to offer you -- not the
things I'll get for you, but the thing in me that will make me able to get
them.  That thing -- a man can't renounce it -- but I want to renounce it -- so
that it will be yours -- so that it will be in your service -- only for you."
	The girl smiled and asked: "Do you think I'm prettier than Maggie
Kelly?"
	He got up.  He said nothing and walked out of the house.  He never
saw that girl again.  Gail Wynand, who prided himself on never needing a
lesson twice, did not fall in love again in the years that followed.
		-- Ayn Rand, "The Fountainhead"
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a
crack in your sidewalk?
Wasting time is an important part of living.
Another megabytes the dust.
I just know I'm a better manager when I have Joe DiMaggio in center field.
		-- Casey Stengel
You will contract a rare disease.
I can see him a'comin'
With his big boots on,
With his big thumb out,
He wants to get me.
He wants to hurt me.
He wants to bring me down.
But some time later,
When I feel a little straighter,
I'll come across a stranger
Who'll remind me of the danger,
And then.... I'll run him over.
Pretty smart on my part!
To find my way... In the dark!
		-- Phil Ochs
Let's send the Russians defective lifestyle accessories!
The Heineken Uncertainty Principle:
	You can never be sure how many beers you had last night.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to
time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Critic as Artist"
The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
		-- Wavy Gravy
Keep your laws off my body!
"Maintain an awareness for contribution -- to your schedule, your project, 
our company."  
-- A Group of Employees
It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
- Lucius Annaeus Seneca (4 B.C. - A.D. 65)
Who is D.B. Cooper, and where is he now?
Sauron is alive in Argentina!
Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
		-- Genji
Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.
Is this really happening?
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly.
My, how you've changed since I've changed.
He who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth.
Meekness:  Uncommon patience in planning a revenge that is worth while.
-- Ambrose Bierce
If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.
Put another password in,
Bomb it out, then try again.
Try to get past logging in,
We're hacking, hacking, hacking.

Try his first wife's maiden name,
This is more than just a game.
It's real fun, but just the same,
It's hacking, hacking, hacking.
		-- To the tune of "Music, Music, Music?"
Gay shlafen:  Yiddish for "go to sleep".

Now doesn't "gay shlafen" have a softer, more soothing sound than the
harsh, staccato "go to sleep"?  Listen to the difference:
	"Go to sleep, you little wretch!" ... "Gay shlafen, darling."
Obvious, isn't it?
	Clearly the best thing you can do for you children is to start
speaking Yiddish right now and never speak another word of English as
long as you live.  This will, of course, entail teaching Yiddish to all
your friends, business associates, the people at the supermarket, and
so on, but that's just the point.  It has to start with committed
individuals and then grow....
	Some minor adjustments will have to be made, of course: those
signs written in what look like Yiddish letters won't be funny when
everything is written in Yiddish.  And we'll have to start driving on
the left side of the road so we won't be reading the street signs
backwards.  But is that too high a price to pay for world peace?
I think not, my friend, I think not.
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"
	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more
than the estimate the job will cost.
Do clones have navels?
The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant
is forever blessed.
		-- Old Japanese proverb
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to
cringe.
Nurse Donna:	Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid.
Groucho:	Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together.
Nurse Donna:	Do you believe in computer dating?
Groucho:	Only if the computers really love each other.
Demand the establishment of the government in its rightful home at Disneyland.
What they said:
	What they meant:

"If you knew this person as well as I know him, you would think as much
of him as I do."
	(Or as little, to phrase it slightly more accurately.)
"Her input was always critical."
	(She never had a good word to say.)
"I have no doubt about his capability to do good work."
	(And it's nonexistent.)
"This candidate would lend balance to a department like yours, which
already has so many outstanding members."
	(Unless you already have a moron.)
"His presentation to my seminar last semester was truly remarkable:
one unbelievable result after another."
	(And we didn't believe them, either.)
"She is quite uniform in her approach to any function you may assign her."
	(In fact, to life in general...)
People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
		-- Abigail Van Buren
Has anyone ever tasted an "end"?  Are they really bitter?
At the end of your life there'll be a good rest, and no further activities
are scheduled.
What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.
	The world's most avid baseball fan (an Aggie) had arrived at the
stadium for the first game of the World Series only to realize he had left
his ticket at home.  Not wanting to miss any of the first inning, he went
to the ticket booth and got in a long line for another seat.  After an hour's
wait he was just a few feet from the booth when a voice called out, "Hey,
Dave!"  The Aggie looked up, stepped out of line and tried to find the owner
of the voice -- with no success.   Then he realized he had lost his place in
line and had to wait all over again.  When the fan finally bought his ticket,
he was thirsty, so he went to buy a drink.  The line at the concession stand
was long, too, but since the game hadn't started he decided to wait.  Just as
he got to the window, a voice called out, "Hey, Dave!"  Again the Aggie tried
to find the voice -- but no luck.  He was very upset as he got back in line
for his drink.  Finally the fan went to his seat, eager for the game to begin.
As he waited for the pitch, he heard the voice calling, "Hey Dave!" once more.
Furious, he stood up and yelled at the top of his lungs,  "My name isn't Dave!"
"His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California."
QOTD:
	"He eats like a bird... five times his own weight each day."
If God had really intended men to fly, he'd make it easier to get to the
airport.
		-- George Winters
The primary cause of failure in electrical appliances is an expired
warranty.  Often, you can get an appliance running again simply by changing
the warranty expiration date with a 15/64-inch felt-tipped marker.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
She been married so many times she got rice marks all over her face.
		-- Tom Waits
H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L. Mencken --
there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.
		-- Maxwell Bodenheim
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain
Chef, n.:
	Any cook who swears in French.
This fortune intentionally not included.
It's all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
		-- Mick Jagger
I appreciate the fact that this draft was done in haste, but some of the
sentences that you are sending out in the world to do your work for you are
loitering in taverns or asleep beside the highway.
		-- Dr. Dwight Van de Vate, Professor of Philosophy,
		   University of Tennessee at Knoxville
I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
		-- Calvin Trillin
If a guru falls in the forest with no one to hear him, was he really a
guru at all?
		-- Strange de Jim, "The Metasexuals"
Humor in the Court:
Q: ...any suggestions as to what prevented this from being a murder trial 
   instead of an attempted murder trial?
A: The victim lived.
Any philosophy that can be put "in a nutshell" belongs there.
		-- Sydney J. Harris
I allow the world to live as it chooses, and I allow myself to live as I
choose.
Every living thing wants to survive.
		-- Spock, "The Ultimate Computer", stardate 4731.3
Inside, I'm already SOBBING!
Fourth Law of Thermodynamics:
	If the probability of success is not almost one, it is damn near zero.
		-- David Ellis
A penny saved kills your career in government.
	   THE DAILY PLANET

	SUPERMAN SAVES DESSERT!
	Plans to "Eat it later"
Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
		-- H.L. Mencken, on Shakespeare
The time was the 19th of May, 1780.  The place was Hartford, Connecticut.
The day has gone down in New England history as a terrible foretaste of
Judgement Day.  For at noon the skies turned from blue to grey and by
mid-afternoon had blackened over so densely that, in that religious age,
men fell on their knees and begged a final blessing before the end came.
The Connecticut House of Representatives was in session.  And, as some of
the men fell down and others clamored for an immediate adjournment, the
Speaker of the House, one Col. Davenport, came to his feet.  He silenced
them and said these words: "The day of judgment is either approaching or
it is not.  If it is not, there is no cause for adjournment.  If it is, I
choose to be found doing my duty.  I wish therefore that candles may be
brought."
		-- Alistair Cooke
Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers
something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond recognition.
Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs, 26:5
Sam:  What's going on, Normie?
Norm: My birthday, Sammy.  Give me a beer, stick a candle in
      it, and I'll blow out my liver.
		-- Cheers, Where Have All the Floorboards Gone

Woody: Hey, Mr. P.  How goes the search for Mr. Clavin?
Norm:  Not as well as the search for Mr. Donut.
       Found him every couple of blocks.
		-- Cheers, Head Over Hill
The five rules of Socialism:
	(1) Don't think.
	(2) If you do think, don't speak.
	(3) If you think and speak, don't write.
	(4) If you think, speak and write, don't sign.
	(5) If you think, speak, write and sign, don't be surprised.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987
Fourteen years in the professor dodge has taught me that one can argue
ingeniously on behalf of any theory, applied to any piece of literature.
This is rarely harmful, because normally no-one reads such essays.
		-- Robert Parker, quoted in "Murder Ink",  ed. D. Wynn
To err is human; to forgive is simply not our policy.
		-- MIT Assasination Club
Ill-chosen abstraction is particularly evident in the design of the ADA
runtime system. The interface to the ADA runtime system is so opaque that
it is impossible to model or predict its performance, making it effectively
useless for real-time systems. -- Marc D. Donner and David H. Jameson.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring
Your winter garment of repentence fling.
The bird of time has but a little way
To flutter -- and the bird is on the wing.
		-- Omar Khayyam
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and
the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the
world.
		-- Robert Stone
Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.

Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
"If Jesus came back today, and saw what was going on in his name, he'd never 
stop throwing up."
-- Max Von Sydow's character in "Hannah and Her Sisters"
I hope you millionaires are having fun!  I just invested half your life
savings in yeast!!
"The pyramid is opening!"
   "Which one?"
"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
-- The Firesign Theatre
Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?
Those who believe that they believe in God, but without passion in their
hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt,
without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only
in the God idea, not God Himself.
- Miguel de Unamuno, Spanish philosopher and writer
He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
Old programmers never die, they just become managers.
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
		-- Philippe Schnoebelen
In Lexington, Kentucky, it's illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your pocket.
If you find a solution and become attached to it, the solution may become
your next problem.
Adam and Eve had many advantages, but the principal one was, that they escaped
teething.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 6

proof by picture:
	A more convincing form of proof by example. Combines well 
	with proof by omission.

proof by vehement assertion:
	It is useful to have some kind of authority relation to the 
	audience.

proof by ghost reference:
	Nothing even remotely resembling the cited theorem appears in 
	the reference given.

A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without
getting nervous.
"Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his 
roars.  Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the
forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind
the railroad yards."
- H. L. Mencken, writing of William Jennings Bryan, counsel for the supporters
  of Tennessee's anti-evolution law at the Scopes "Monkey Trial" in 1925.
Baseball is a skilled game.  It's America's game - it, and high taxes.
	-- The Best of Will Rogers
"Maintain an awareness for contribution -- to your schedule, your project, 
our company."  
-- A Group of Employees
Ben, why didn't you tell me?
		-- Luke Skywalker
"Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong."
-- Blair Houghton
miracle:  an extremely outstanding or unusual event, thing, or accomplishment.
-- Webster's Dictionary
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
"I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!"
Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands, meet exciting interesting people,
and kill them.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
Her locks an ancient lady gave
Her loving husband's life to save;
And men -- they honored so the dame --
Upon some stars bestowed her name.

But to our modern married fair,
Who'd give their lords to save their hair,
No stellar recognition's given.
There are not stars enough in heaven.
I'm definitely not in Omaha!
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
The good (I am convinced, for one)
Is but the bad one leaves undone.
Once your reputation's done
You can live a life of fun.
		-- Wilhelm Busch
We don't smoke and we don't chew, and we don't go with girls that do.
		-- Walter Summers
I love you more than anything in this world.  I don't expect that will last.
		-- Elvis Costello
It is not necessary to inquire whether a woman would like something for
dessert.  The answer is yes, she would like something for dessert, but
she would like you to order it so she can pick at it with your fork.  She
does not want you to call attention to this by saying, 'If you wanted a
dessert, why didn't you order one?'  You must understand, she has the
dessert she wants.  The dessert she wants is contained within yours.
		-- Merrill Marcoe, "An Insider's Guide to the American Woman"
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
What one fool can do, another can.
		-- Ancient Simian Proverb
Spiritual leadership should remain spiritual leadership and the temporal
power should not become too important in any church.
- Eleanor Roosevelt
Scratch the disks, dump the core,	Shut it down, pull the plug
Roll the tapes across the floor,	Give the core an extra tug
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
Teletypes smashed to bits.		Mem'ry cards, one and all,
Give the scopes some nasty hits		Toss out halfway down the hall
And the system is going to crash.	And the system is going to crash.
And we've also found			Just flip one switch
When you turn the power down,		And the lights will cease to twitch
You turn the disk readers into trash.	And the tape drives will crumble
						in a flash.
Oh, it's so much fun,			When the CPU
Now the CPU won't run			Can print nothing out but "foo,"
And the system is going to crash.	The system is going to crash.
		-- To the tune of "As the Caissons go Rolling Along"
"I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder have 
 included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.  This 
 technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's reign.  My 
 carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.  Better go by some more."
-- timw@zeb.USWest.COM, in alt.conspiracy
As you grow older, you will still do foolish things, but you will do them
with much more enthusiasm.
		-- The Cowboy
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his
own eyes.  What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks
of himself.  To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
If any man wishes to be humbled and mortified, let him become president
of Harvard.
		-- Edward Holyoke
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see
nothing but sea.
		-- Francis Bacon
Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will get a respectful
hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne
A sad spectacle.  If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly.
If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
		-- Thomas Carlyle, looking at the stars
The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed, a problem, but
not the problem we thought was the problem.
		-- Mike Smith
Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen
Trap full -- please empty.
One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.
Pain is a thing of the mind.  The mind can be controlled.
		-- Spock, "Operation -- Annihilate!" stardate 3287.2
Nature to all things fixed the limits fit,
And wisely curbed proud man's pretending wit.
As on the land while here the ocean gains,
In other parts it leaves wide sandy plains;
Thus in the soul while memory prevails,
The solid power of understanding fails;
Where beams of warm imagination play,
The memory's soft figures melt away.
		-- Alexander Pope (on runtime bounds checking?)
He who knows, does not speak.  He who speaks, does not know.
		-- Lao Tsu
I don't even butter my bread.  I consider that cooking.
		-- Katherine Cebrian
You were s'posed to laugh!
It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because
if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of people.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"
"The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so
certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts."
-- Bertrand Russell
What causes the mysterious death of everyone?
Weiner's Law of Libraries:
	There are no answers, only cross references.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
When dreams become more important than reality, you give up travel,
building, creating; you even forget how to repair the machines left
behind by your ancestors.  You just sit living and reliving other lives
left behind in the thought records.
		-- Vina, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage"), stardate unknown
Uh-oh!!  I'm having TOO MUCH FUN!!
Sorry never means having your say to love.
There *__is* intelligent life on Earth, but I leave for Texas on Monday.
People are always available for work in the past tense.
You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
		-- Tim Leary
Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer
of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that
continues to this day.
		-- Wayne Shannon
You never learn anything by doing it right.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
When oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U.
The Game had just begun, when Hydrogen scored two fast points
And Oxygen still had none
Then Oxygen scored a single goal
And thus it did remain, At Hydrogen 2 and Oxygen 1
Called because of rain.
Make headway at work.  Continue to let things deteriorate at home.
Uh-oh!!  I forgot to submit to COMPULSORY URINALYSIS!
pessimist:
	A man who spends all his time worrying about how he can keep the
	wolf from the door.

optimist:
	A man who refuses to see the wolf until he seizes the seat of
	his pants.

opportunist:
	A man who invites the wolf in and appears the next day in a fur coat.
A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
		-- Lillian Day
Go away, I'm all right.
		-- H.G. Wells' last words.
Lemmings don't grow older, they just die.
How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?
"You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?"
-- Ronald Reagan
An aphorism is never exactly true; it is either a half-truth or
one-and-a-half truths.
		-- Karl Kraus
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
-- Jean Cocteau
	"You say there are two types of people?"
	"Yes, those who separate people into two groups and those that don't."
	"Wrong.  There are three groups:
		Those who separate people into three groups.
		Those who don't separate people into groups.
		Those who can't decide."
	"Wait a minute, what about people who separate people into two groups?"
	"Oh.  Okay, then there are four groups."
	"Aren't you then separating people into four groups?"
	"Yeah."
	"So then there's a fifth group, right?"
	"You know, the problem is these idiots who can't make up their minds."
We're happy little Vegemites,
	As bright as bright can be.
We all all enjoy our Vegemite
	For breakfast, lunch and tea.
There's nothing like a good dose of another woman to make a man appreciate
his wife.
		-- Clare Booth Luce
	After sifting through the overwritten remaining blocks of Luke's home
directory, Luke and PDP-1 sped away from /u/lars, across the surface of the
Winchester riding Luke's flying read/write head.  PDP-1 had Luke stop at the
edge of the cylinder overlooking /usr/spool/uucp.
	"Unix-to-Unix Copy Program;" said PDP-1.  "You will never find a more
wretched hive of bugs and flamers.  We must be cautious."
		-- DECWARS
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
You can't take damsel here now.
He has shown you, o man, what is good.  And what does the Lord ask of you,
but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly before your God?
The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence that it is not
utterly absurd; indeed, in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind,
a widespread belief is more often likely to be foolish than sensible.
		-- Bertrand Russell, in "Marriage and Morals", 1929
He who hesitates is last.
Those of us who believe in the right of any human being to belong to whatever
church he sees fit, and to worship God in his own way, cannot be accused
of prejudice when we do not want to see public education connected with
religious control of the schools, which are paid for by taxpayers' money.
- Eleanor Roosevelt
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.
Some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote the
book or even what book.
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
- Alan Turing
Real World, The, n.:
	1. In programming, those institutions at which programming may
be used in the same sentence as FORTRAN, COBOL, RPG, IBM, etc.  2. To
programmers, the location of non-programmers and activities not related
to programming.  3. A universe in which the standard dress is shirt and
tie and in which a person's working hours are defined as 9 to 5.  4.
The location of the status quo.  5. Anywhere outside a university.
"Poor fellow, he's left MIT and gone into the real world."  Used
pejoratively by those not in residence there.  In conversation, talking
of someone who has entered the real world is not unlike talking about a
deceased person.
Accident, n.:
	A condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of
	body is better.
		-- Foolish Dictionary
My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
The two party system ... is a triumph of the dialectic.  It showed that
two could be one and one could be two and had probably been fabricated
by Hegel for the American market on a subcontract from General Dynamics.
		-- I.F. Stone
I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
		-- John Foreman
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living
"Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons 
for it afterwards."
-- Soren F. Petersen
Long were the days of pain I have spent within its walls, and
long were the nights of aloneness; and who can depart from his
pain and his aloneness without regret?
		-- Kahlil Gibran, "The Prophet"
In Lexington, Kentucky, it's illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your pocket.
Let me do my TRIBUTE to FISHNET STOCKINGS ...
Some parts of the past must be preserved, and some of the future prevented
at all costs.
You will pay for your sins.  If you have already paid, please disregard
this message.
Since everything in life is but an experience perfect in being what it is,
having nothing to do with good or bad, acceptance or rejection, one may well
burst out in laughter.
		-- Long Chen Pa
I represent a sardine!!
I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
		-- David Bowie
This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.  We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein
Eternity is a terrible thought.  I mean, where's it going to end?
		-- Tom Stoppard
A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something.
A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.
Worst Month of the Year:
	February.  February has only 28 days in it, which means that if
	you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you
	don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
		-- Steve Rubenstein
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci
The last person who said that (God rest his soul) lived to regret it.
"Ah, you know the type.	 They like to blame it all on the Jews or the Blacks, 
'cause if they couldn't, they'd have to wake up to the fact that life's one big,
scary, glorious, complex and ultimately unfathomable crapshoot -- and the only 
reason THEY can't seem to keep up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers."
-- an analysis of neo-Nazis and such, Badger comics
"The ACLU has stood foursquare against the recurring tides of hysteria that
>from time to time threaten freedoms everyhere... Indeed, it is difficult
to appreciate how far our freedoms might have eroded had it not been for the
Union's valiant representation in the courts of the constitutional rights
of people of all persuasions, no matter how unpopular or even despised
by the majority they were at the time."
-- former Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren
Knowledge, sir, should be free to all!
		-- Harry Mudd, "I, Mudd", stardate 4513.3
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.
"Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain."
-- The Wizard Of Oz
I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
		-- Butch Cassidy
Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry without a certain
unsoundness of mind.
		-- Thomas Macaulay
I am an optimist.  It does not seem too much use being anything else.
		-- Winston Churchill
Been Transferred Lately?
Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand.
		-- Spinoza
like:
	When being alive at the same time is a wonderful coincidence.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night
to write.
		-- Saul Bellow
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.
It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
		-- Publius Ovidius Naso (Ovid)
Armor's Axiom:
	Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
Clay's Conclusion:
	Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.
Do you suffer painful elimination?
		-- Don Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos"

Do you suffer painful recrimination?
		-- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms"

Do you suffer painful illumination?
		-- Isaac Newton, "Optics"

Do you suffer painful hallucination?
		-- Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda
The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them,
but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
		-- G.B. Shaw
A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?
	And the Master answered:
	It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.
It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.
	It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City
to City upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns
have come to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.
	And that is Fate?  said the priest.
	Fate... I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.
	That's all right, said the priest.  I wanted to know
what Freight was too.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
"The hands that help are better far than the lips that pray."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war, or before an election.
		-- Otto Von Bismarck
	"What happened to the crewman?"
	"The M-5 computer needed a new power source, the crewman merely got in
the way."
		-- Kirk and Dr. Richard Daystrom, "The Ultimate Computer",
		   stardate 4731.3.
[From the operation manual for the CI-300 Dot Matrix Line Printer, made
in Japan]:

The excellent output machine of MODEL CI-300 as extraordinary DOT MATRIX
LINE PRINTER, built in two MICRO-PROCESSORs as well as EAROM, is featured by
permitting wonderful co-existence such as; "high quality against low cost,"
"diversified functions with compact design," "flexibility in accessibleness
and durability of approx. 2000,000,00 Dot/Head," "being sophisticated in
mechanism but possibly agile operating under noises being extremely
suppressed" etc.

And as a matter of course, the final goal is just simply to help achieve
"super shuttle diplomacy" between cool data, perhaps earned by HOST
COMPUTER, and warm heart of human being.
When the cup is full, carry it level.
A definition of teaching: casting fake pearls before real swine.
		-- Bill Cain, "Stand Up Tragedy"
You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau
Baruch's Observation:
	If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.
The difference between art and science is that science is what we
understand well enough to explain to a computer.  Art is everything else.
		-- Donald Knuth, "Discover"
petribar:
	Any sun-bleached prehistoric candy that has been sitting in
	the window of a vending machine too long.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
So far as we are human, what we do must be either evil or good: so far
as we do evil or good, we are human: and it is better, in a paradoxical
way, to do evil than to do nothing: at least we exist.
		-- T.S. Eliot, essay on Baudelaire
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
	If I kiss you, that is an psychological interaction.
	On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick,
that is also a psychological interaction.
	The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not
so friendly.
	The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"
Whenever Richard Cory went downtown,
	We people on the pavement looked at him:
He was a gentleman from sole to crown,
	Clean-favored, and imperially slim.
And he was always quietly arrayed,
	And he was always human when he talked;
But still he fluttered pulses when he said,
	"Good morning," and he glittered when he walked.
And he was rich -- yes, richer than a king --
	And admirably schooled in every grace:
In fine, we thought that he was everything
	To make us wish that we were in his place.
So on we worked, and waited for the light,
	And went without the meat, and cursed the bread;
And Richard Cory, one calm summer night,
	Went home and put a bullet through his head.
		-- E.A. Robinson, "Richard Cory"
Gravity brings me down.
Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"
Get hold of portable property.  -- Charles Dickens, "Great Expectations"
A hypothetical paradox:
	What would happen in a battle between an Enterprise security team,
	who always get killed soon after appearing, and a squad of Imperial
	Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
		-- Tom Galloway
A little experience often upsets a lot of theory.
Nuclear powered vacuuum cleaners will probably be a reality within 10 years.
		-- Alex Lewyt (President of the Lewyt Corporation,
		   manufacturers of vacuum cleaners), quoted in The New York
		   Times, June 10, 1955.
As for the basic assumptions about individuality and self, this is the core
of what I like about cyberpunk. And it's the core of what I like about certain
pre-gibson neophile techie SF writers that certain folks here like to put
down. Not everyone makes the same assumptions. I haven't lost my mind... it's
backed up on tape.
-- Peter da Silva
My NOSE is NUMB!
I've got a very bad feeling about this.
		-- Han Solo
Flame on!
		-- Johnny Storm
I'm definitely not in Omaha!
Now, if the leaders of the world -- people who are leaders by virtue of 
political, military or financial power, and not necessarily wisdom or
consideration for mankind -- if these leaders manage not to pull us
over the brink into planetary suicide, despite their occasional pompous
suggestions that they may feel obliged to do so, we may survive beyond
1988.  
-- George Rostky, EE Times, June 20, 1988 p. 45
A little experience often upsets a lot of theory.
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead
If I were to walk on water, the press would say I'm only doing it
because I can't swim.
		-- Bob Stanfield
The startling truth finally became apparent, and it was this: Numbers
written on restaurant checks within the confines of restaurants do not
follow the same mathematical laws as numbers written on any other pieces
of paper in any other parts of the Universe.  This single statement took
the scientific world by storm.  So many mathematical conferences got held
in such good restaurants that many of the finest minds of a generation
died of obesity and heart failure, and the science of mathematics was put
back by years.
		-- Douglas Adams
Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
		-- Kirk, "A Taste of Armageddon", stardate 3193.9
Don't be concerned, it will not harm you,
It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of,
Across my dreams, with neptive wonder,
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.
//GO.SYSIN DD *, DOODAH, DOODAH
Booker's Law:
	An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions
your wife asks you for nothing.
		-- Joey Adams
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
I realize that command does have its fascination, even under
circumstances such as these, but I neither enjoy the idea of command
nor am I frightened of it.  It simply exists, and I will do whatever
logically needs to be done.
		-- Spock, "The Galileo Seven", stardate 2812.7
Wow!  Look!!  A stray meatball!!  Let's interview it!
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less
than half of you half as well as you deserve.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Fifteen men on a dead man's chest,
Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
Drink and the devil had done for the rest,
Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
		-- Stevenson, "Treasure Island"
The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind
of thing.  Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation
of these atoms is talking moonshine.
		-- Ernest Rutherford, after he had split the atom for
		   the first time
FORTRAN rots the brain.
		-- John McQuillin
Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein
Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.
Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're
leading the parade.
		-- Bill Battie
The makers may make
and the users may use,
but the fixers must fix
with but minimal clues
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
Man is the measure of all things.
		-- Protagoras
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 7
proof by forward reference:
	Reference is usually to a forthcoming paper of the author, 
	which is often not as forthcoming as at first.

proof by semantic shift:
	Some of the standard but inconvenient definitions are changed 
	for the statement of the result.

proof by appeal to intuition:
	Cloud-shaped drawings frequently help here.
Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
	"Ever since they threatened to fire me."
lighthouse, n.:
	A tall building on the seashore in which the government
	maintains a lamp and the friend of a politician.
And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?
Gravity:
	What you get when you eat too much and too fast.
Dignity is like a flag.  It flaps in a storm.
		-- Roy Mengot
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
		-- J. Paul Getty
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain
Theorem: All positive integers are equal.
Proof: Sufficient to show that for any two positive integers, A and B, A = B.
	Further, it is sufficient to show that for all N > 0, if A and B
	(positive integers) satisfy (MAX(A, B) = N) then A = B.

Proceed by induction:
	If N = 1, then A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1.
	So A = B.

Assume that the theorem is true for some value k.  Take A and B with
	MAX(A, B) = k+1.  Then  MAX((A-1), (B-1)) = k.  And hence
	(A-1) = (B-1).  Consequently, A = B.
If a team is in a positive frame of mind, it will have a good attitude.
If it has a good attitude, it will make a commitment to playing the
game right.  If it plays the game right, it will win -- unless, of
course, it doesn't have enough talent to win, and no manager can make
goose-liver pate out of goose feathers, so why worry?
		-- Sparky Anderson
Clear the laundromat!!  This whirl-o-matic just had a nuclear meltdown!!
MIPS:
	Meaningless Indicator of Processor Speed
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
"Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics."
		-- French Proverb
The three best things about going to school are June, July, and August.
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large.
		-- Mark Twain
Two heads are more numerous than one.
Legislation proposed in the Illinois State Legislature, May, 1907:
	"Speed upon county roads will be limited to ten miles an hour
unless the motorist sees a bailiff who does not appear to have had a
drink in 30 days, when the driver will be permitted to make what he can."
We totally deny the allegations, and we're trying to identify the allegators.
You will get what you deserve.
I like being single.  I'm always there when I need me.
		-- Art Leo
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an
elephant.
	"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it for a toilet.
The rides are dilapidated to the point of being lethal, and could easily
maim or kill innocent little children."
	"Oh, so you don't like it?"
	"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."
		-- The Killing Joke
Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly
He's dead, Jim.
		-- McCoy, "The Devil in the Dark", stardate 3196.1
QOTD:
	The only easy way to tell a hamster from a gerbil is that the
	gerbil has more dark meat.
I should have been a country-western singer.  After all, I'm older than
most western countries.
		-- George Burns
A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy balloon of a head.  The
green earflaps, full of large ears and uncut hair and the fine bristles that
grew in the ears themselvse, stuck out on either side like turn signals
indicating two directions at once.  Full, pursed lips protruded beneath the
bushy black moustache and, at their corners, sank into little folds filled
with disapproval and potato chip crumbs.  In the shadow under the green visor
of the cap Ignatius J. Reilly's supercilious blue and yellow eyes looked down
upon the other people waiting under the clock at the D.H. Holmes department
store, studying the crowd of people for signs of bad taste in dress.  Several
of the outfits, Ignatius noticed, were new enough and expensive enough to be
properly considered offenses against taste and decency.  Possession of
anything new or expensive only reflected a person's lack of theology and
geometry; it could even cast doubts upon one's soul.
		-- John Kennedy Toole, "Confederacy of Dunces"
According to the Rand McNally Places-Rated Almanac, the best place to live in
America is the city of Pittsburgh.  The city of New York came in twenty-fifth.
Here in New York we really don't care too much.  Because we know that we could
beat up their city anytime. 
		-- David Letterman
Barach's Rule:
	An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician.
I took a fish head to the movies and I didn't have to pay.
-- Fish Heads, Saturday Night Live, 1977.
When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!
The optimum committee has no members.
		-- Norman Augustine
Well, you know, no matter where you go, there you are.
		-- Buckaroo Banzai
Telephone, n.:
	An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages
	of making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Housework can kill you if done right.
		-- Erma Bombeck
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
	Two brothers, Mort and Bill, like to sail.  While Bill has a great
deal of experience, he certainly isn't the rigger Mort is.
Consultation, n.:
	Medical term meaning "to share the wealth."
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
		-- Tom Lehrer
"I'd love to go out with you, but I have to floss my cat."
The Golden Rule of Arts and Sciences:
	He who has the gold makes the rules.
Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.
You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier.
They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.
Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
How doth the VAX's C-compiler
	Improve its object code.
And even as we speak does it
	Increase the system load.

How patiently it seems to run
	And spit out error flags,
While users, with frustration, all
	Tear their clothes to rags.
I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"
If all else fails, lower your standards.
History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second
time as bedroom farce.
A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him
what he meant.
		-- Wilson Mizner
Words have a longer life than deeds.
		-- Pindar
A mighty creature is the germ,
Though smaller than the pachyderm.
His customary dwelling place
Is deep within the human race.
His childish pride he often pleases
By giving people strange diseases.
Do you, my poppet, feel infirm?
You probably contain a germ.
		-- Ogden Nash
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Sho' they got to have it against the law.  Shoot, ever'body git high,
they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.  Hee-hee.
		-- Terry Southern
Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
		-- Kin Hubbard
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[131.16d]:
       "Directional signals are generally not used except during vehicle
        inspection; however, a left-turn signal is appropriate when making
        a U-turn on a divided highway."

[96.7b]:
       "When paying tolls, remember that it is necessary to release the
        quarter a full 3 seconds before passing the basket if you are
        traveling more than 60 MPH."

[110.13]:
       "When traveling on a one-way street, stay to the right, so as not
        to interfere with oncoming traffic."
Dinner suggestion #302 (Hacker's De-lite):
	1 tin imported Brisling sardines in tomato sauce
	1 pouch Chocolate Malt Carnation Instant Breakfast
	1 carton milk
He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild and heavy
presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned all hope of ever
behaving "normally."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31
A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?
Reality does not exist -- yet.
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
		-- Alan Perlis
HAIR TONICS, please!!
"Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor
of journalism in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated,
it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community."
                                        - Oscar Wilde
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
		-- Kin Hubbard, "Abe Martin's Sayings"
Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers
something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond recognition.
You know my heart keeps tellin' me,
You're not a kid at thirty-three,
You play around you lose your wife,
You play too long, you lose your life.
Some gotta win, some gotta lose,
Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!
The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero
Marriage is not merely sharing the fettucine, but sharing the
burden of finding the fettucine restaurant in the first place.
		-- Calvin Trillin
The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating
people to approach printed matter with distrust. 
This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
		-- Winston Churchill
They [preachers] dread the advance of science as witches do the approach
of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions
of the duperies on which they live.
- Thomas Jefferson
I sold my memoirs of my love life to Parker Brothers -- they're going
to make a game out of it.
		-- Woody Allen
patent:
	A method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them.
A soft drink turneth away company.
I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness;
And from that full meridian of my glory
I haste now to my setting.  I shall fall,
Like a bright exhalation in the evening
And no man see me more.
		-- Shakespeare
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known as Wheels.
How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they
claim they'll make you?
Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking
process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical
attention to detail.  It requires intelligence, dedication, and an
enormous amount of hard work.  But, a certain amount of unpredictable
and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference
between adequacy and excellence.
No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
		-- Quintus Ennius
If your aim in life is nothing, you can't miss.
	An architect's first work is apt to be spare and clean.  He knows
he doesn't know what he's doing, so he does it carefully and with great
restraint.
	As he designs the first work, frill after frill and embellishment
after embellishment occur to him.  These get stored away to be used "next
time." Sooner or later the first system is finished, and the architect,
with firm confidence and a demonstrated mastery of that class of systems,
is ready to build a second system.
	This second is the most dangerous system a man ever designs.
When he does his third and later ones, his prior experiences will
confirm each other as to the general characteristics of such systems,
and their differences will identify those parts of his experience that
are particular and not generalizable.
	The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using
all the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first
one.  The result, as Ovid says, is a "big pile."
		-- Frederick Brooks, "The Mythical Man Month"
Pray:  To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single
petitioner confessedly unworthy.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Never argue with a woman when she's tired -- or rested.
Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.
Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S. Audit!  Just type
in your name and social security number.  Please remember that leaving
the room is punishable under law:

Name
#
I Know A Joke!!
Murphy was an optimist.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government
working for you.
		-- Will Rogers
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
"Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong."
		-- Blair Houghton
The spectacle of astrology in the White House -- the governing center of
the world's greatest scientific and military power -- is so appalling that
it defies understanding and provides grounds for great fright.  The easiest
response is to laugh it off, and to indulge in wisecracks about Civil
Service ratings for horoscope makers and palm readers and whether Reagan
asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his sign.  A contagious good cheer is the
hallmark of this presidency, even when the most dismal matters are concerned.
But this time, it isn't funny.  It's plain scary.
-- Daniel S. Greenberg, Editor, _Science and Government Report_, writing in
   "Newsday", May 5, 1988
Gordon's Law:
	If you think you have the solution, the question was poorly phrased.
Schapiro's Explanation:
	The grass is always greener on the other side -- but that's
	because they use more manure.
Male, n.:
	A member of the unconsidered, or negligible sex.  The male of the
	human race is commonly known to the female as Mere Man.  The genus
	has two varieties:  good providers and bad providers.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
People are always available for work in the past tense.
Most people prefer certainty to truth.
One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing
how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
		-- Professor Charles P. Issawi
Lank: Here we go.  We're about to set a new record.
Earl: (to the crowd) How about a date?
Lank: We've done it.  Earl has set a new record.  Turned down by
      20,000 women.
		-- Lank and Earl
This is the ____LAST time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!
And if California slides into the ocean,
Like the mystics and statistics say it will.
I predict this motel will be standing,
Until I've paid my bill.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Desperados Under the Eaves"
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
Mix's Law:
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary building.
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
Auribus teneo lupum.
	[I hold a wolf by the ears.]
	[Boy, it *sounds* good.  But what does it *mean*?]
> The day people think linux would be better served by somebody else (FSF
> being the natural alternative), I'll "abdicate".  I don't think that
> it's something people have to worry about right now - I don't see it
> happening in the near future.  I enjoy doing linux, even though it does
> mean some work, and I haven't gotten any complaints (some almost timid
> reminders about a patch I have forgotten or ignored, but nothing
> negative so far).
>
> Don't take the above to mean that I'll stop the day somebody complains:
> I'm thick-skinned (Lasu, who is reading this over my shoulder commented
> that "thick-HEADED is closer to the truth") enough to take some abuse.
> If I weren't, I'd have stopped developing linux the day ast ridiculed me
> on c.o.minix.  What I mean is just that while linux has been my baby so
> far, I don't want to stand in the way if people want to make something
> better of it (*).
>
>                 Linus
>
> (*) Hey, maybe I could apply for a saint-hood from the Pope.  Does
> somebody know what his email-address is? I'm so nice it makes you puke.
(Taken from Linus's reply to someone worried about the future of Linux)
"You can't expect a mother to be with a small child all the time," Margaret
Mead once remarked, with her usual good sense, but in 1978 she shocked
feminists by snapping that women don't really have children to put them in
day care twelve hours a day, either.
		-- Caroline Bird, "The Two Paycheck Marriage"
The Abrams' Principle:
	The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
Even in the moment of our earliest kiss,
When sighed the straitened bud into the flower,
Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this;
And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred,
To tilt at autumn or defy the frost:
Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did,
I say with them, "What's out tonight is lost."
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all
Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree,
A fairer summer and a later fall
Than in these parts a man is apt to see,
And sunny clusters ripened for the wine:
I tell you this across the blackened vine.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay, "Even in the Moment of
		   Our Earliest Kiss", 1931
"I shall expect a chemical cure for psychopathic behavior by 10 A.M. tomorrow,
or I'll have your guts for spaghetti."
-- a comic panel by Cotham 
Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.
Q:	What happens when four WASPs find themselves in the same room?
A:	A dinner party.
Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
		-- LaRouchefoucauld
Revenge is a meal best served cold.
So this is what it feels like to be potato salad
TANSTAAFL
The best defense against logic is ignorance.
FORTRAN, "the infantile disorder", by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly
inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is
too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
The function of the expert is not to be more right than other people,
but to be wrong for more sophisticated reasons.
		-- Dr. David Butler, British psephologist
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
		-- Lenny Bruce
"An Academic speculated whether a bather is beautiful
if there is none in the forest to admire her. He hid
in the bushes to find out, which vitiated his premise
but made him happy.
Moral: Empiricism is more fun than speculation."
-- Sam Weber
"If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage."
People's Action Rules:
	(1) Some people who can, shouldn't.
	(2) Some people who should, won't.
	(3) Some people who shouldn't, will.
	(4) Some people who can't, will try, regardless.
	(5) Some people who shouldn't, but try, will then blame others.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
		-- Maslow
THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time
to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the floor.

"Sorry," he said with a smile.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
God is Dead.
		-- Nietzsche
Nietzsche is Dead.
		-- God
Nietzsche is God.
		-- Dead
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.
grasshopotomaus:
	A creature that can leap to tremendous heights... once.
There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it
has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.
Today's scientific question is: What in the world is electricity?

And where does it go after it leaves the toaster?
		-- Dave Barry, "What is Electricity?"
We have ears, earther...FOUR OF THEM!
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around.  I
hope I don't get run over again.
It has been said [by Anatole France], "it is not by amusing oneself
that one learns," and, in reply: "it is *____only* by amusing oneself that
one can learn."
		-- Edward Kasner and James R. Newman
God isn't dead.  He just doesn't want to get involved.
Actually, what I'd like is a little toy spaceship!!
If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
		-- Dave Johnson, on dead seagulls
Of course it's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.
		-- Charles Bukowski
Ignorance must certainly be bliss or there wouldn't be so many people
so resolutely pursuing it. 
It is now quite lawful for a Catholic woman to avoid pregnancy by a resort to
mathematics, though she is still forbidden to resort to physics and chemistry.
		-- H.L. Mencken
Parkinson's Fifth Law:
	If there is a way to delay in important decision, the good
	bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.
FEELINGS are cascading over me!!!
"Any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple
his world.  To get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than
against them is to attain literacy."
-- Alan Kay, "Computer Software", Scientific American, September 1984
Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more
stressful than divorce.
		-- Wall Street Journal
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
		-- Alfred Adler
A robin redbreast in a cage
Puts all Heaven in a rage.
		-- Blake
Elwood:  What kind of music do you get here ma'am?
Barmaid: Why, we get both kinds of music, Country and Western.
This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.  And now you know why.
Girls are better looking in snowstorms.
		-- Archie Goodwin
Reader, suppose you were an idiot.  And suppose you were a member of
Congress.  But I repeat myself.
		-- Mark Twain
A Linux machine! because a 486 is a terrible thing to waste!
(By jjs@wintermute.ucr.edu, Joe Sloan)
Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near
the earth's surface relative to other matter; second, telling other people
to do so.
		-- Bertrand Russell
Time washes clean
Love's wounds unseen.
That's what someone told me;
But I don't know what it means.
		-- Linda Ronstadt, "Long Long Time"
We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
		-- Carl Sagan
A large number of installed systems work by fiat.  That is, they work
by being declared to work.
		-- Anatol Holt
The FALAFEL SANDWICH lands on my HEAD and I become a VEGETARIAN ...
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
	-- John Naisbitt, Megatrends
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six.  Mother took me to
see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.
		-- Shirley Temple
The spectacle of astrology in the White House -- the governing center of
the world's greatest scientific and military power -- is so appalling that
it defies understanding and provides grounds for great fright.  The easiest
response is to laugh it off, and to indulge in wisecracks about Civil
Service ratings for horoscope makers and palm readers and whether Reagan
asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his sign.  A contagious good cheer is the
hallmark of this presidency, even when the most dismal matters are concerned.
But this time, it isn't funny.  It's plain scary.
-- Daniel S. Greenberg, Editor, _Science and Government Report_, writing in
   "Newsday", May 5, 1988
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed
Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
Nezvannyi gost'--khuzhe tatarina.
	[An uninvited guest is worse than the Mongol invasion]
		-- Russian proverb
taxidermist, n.:
	A man who mounts animals.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21

	Shall I compare thee to a Summer day?
	No, I guess not.
Heard that the next Space Shuttle is supposed to carry several Guernsey cows?
It's gonna be the herd shot 'round the world.
Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine.  You
need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion
picture star.  If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use
the word "collectible" as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified
success.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls...
if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.
Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

DC	Divide and Conquer
DMPK	Destroy Memory Protect Key
DO	Divide and Overflow
EMPC	Emulate Pocket Calculator
EPI	Execute Programmer Immediately
EROS	Erase Read Only Storage
EXCE	Execute Customer Engineer
HCF	Halt and Catch Fire
IBP	Insert Bug and Proceed
INSQSW	Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out])
PBC	Print and Break Chain
PDSK	Punch Disk
QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)
Mmmmmm-MMMMMM!!  A plate of STEAMING PIECES of a PIG mixed with the
shreds of SEVERAL CHICKENS!! ... Oh BOY!!  I'm about to swallow a
TORN-OFF section of a COW'S LEFT LEG soaked in COTTONSEED OIL and
SUGAR!! ... Let's see ... Next, I'll have the GROUND-UP flesh of CUTE,
BABY LAMBS fried in the MELTED, FATTY TISSUES from a warm-blooded
animal someone once PETTED!! ... YUM!!  That was GOOD!!  For DESSERT,
I'll have a TOFU BURGER with BEAN SPROUTS on a stone-ground, WHOLE
WHEAT BUN!!
A pain in the ass of major dimensions.
		-- C.A. Desoer, on the solution of non-linear circuits
Bachelors' wives and old maids' children are always perfect.
		-- Nicolas Chamfort
People respond to people who respond.
You may already be a loser.
		-- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield.
Eureka!
		-- Archimedes
You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
		-- Cyrus, Chicago Reader 1/22/82
One man's folly is another man's wife.
		-- Helen Rowland
Who loves not wisely but too well
Will look on Helen's face in hell,
But he whose love is thin and wise
Will view John Knox in Paradise.
		-- Dorothy Parker
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
	Experience is directly proportional to the
	amount of equipment ruined.
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
		-- Arthur Miller
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely
the most important.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Case of Identity"
100 buckets of bits on the bus	
100 buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FF buckets of bits on the bus	

FF buckets of bits on the bus	
FF buckets of bits
Take one down, short it to ground
FE buckets of bits on the bus	

ad infinitum...
G. B. Shaw to William Douglas Home: "Go on writing plays, my boy.  One
of these days a London producer will go into his office and say to his
secretary, `Is there a play from Shaw this morning?' and when she says
`No,' he will say, `Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.' And
that's your chance, my boy."
No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the
one who's giving it.
		-- Hal Chadwick
An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening.
		-- Marlon Brando
The Great Movie Posters:

She's got the biggest six-shooters in the West!
		-- The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend (1949)

CAST OF 3,000!
4 WRITERS,
2 DIRECTORS,
3 CAMERAMEN,
3 PRODUCERS!
1 YEAR TO MAKE THIS FILM --
24 YEARS TO REHEARSE --
20 YEARS TO DISTRIBUTE!
	BEAUTIFUL BEYOND WORDS!
	AWE-INSPIRING! VITAL!
THE PRINCE OF PEACE PROVIDES THE ANSWER TO EVERY PROBLEM!
Be Brave--bring your troubles and your family to:
	HISTORY'S MOST SUBLIME EVENT! YOU'LL FIND GOD RIGHT IN THERE!
		-- The Prince of Peace (1948).  Starring members of the
		   Wichita Mountain Pageant featuring Millard Coody as Jesus.
It is fruitless:
	to become lachrymose over precipitately departed lactate fluid.

	to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated canine with
	innovative maneuvers.
You see but you do not observe.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, in "The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes"
job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Hey! Come derry dol!  Hop along, my hearties!
Hobbits!  Ponies all!  We are fond of parties.
Now let the fun begin!  Let us sing together!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
The reason that every major university maintains a department of
mathematics is that it's cheaper than institutionalizing all those people.
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique.
		-- Bosquet [on seeing the IBM 4341]
You will have many recoverable tape errors.
Oblivion together does not frighten me, beloved.
		-- Thalassa (in Anne Mulhall's body), "Return to Tomorrow",
		   stardate 4770.3.
I'm a soldier, not a diplomat.  I can only tell the truth.
		-- Kirk, "Errand of Mercy", stardate 3198.9
To our sweethearts and wives.  May they never meet.
		-- 19th century toast
The beauty of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.
Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect
that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers
and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the
essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged.  The natural
inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued
forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
		-- Henry James Sr., writing to his sons Henry and William
In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker
Support Mental Health.  Or I'll kill you.
Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
		-- Josh Billings
It's amazing how many people you could be friends with if only they'd
make the first approach.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first
thought of.
		-- Burt Bacharach
Xerox does it again and again and again and ...
sugar daddy, n.:
	A man who can afford to raise cain.
You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.
Dear Miss Manners:
	My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's
elbows on the table.  However, I have read that one elbow, in between
courses, is all right.  Which is correct?

Gentle Reader:
	For the purpose of answering examinations in your home economics
class, your teacher is correct.  Catching on to this principle of
education may be of even greater importance to you now than learning
correct current table manners, vital as Miss Manners believes that is.
How sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's "See?"
		-- Linus Van Pelt
"'Tis true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis 'tis true."
-- Poloniouius, in Willie the Shake's _Hamlet, Prince of Darkness_

The three questions of greatest concern are -- 1. Is it attractive?
2. Is it amusing?  3. Does it know its place?
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"
The basic menu item, in fact the ONLY menu item, would be a food unit called
the "patty," consisting of -- this would be guaranteed in writing -- "100
percent animal matter of some kind." All patties would be heated up and then
cooled back down in electronic devices immediately before serving.  The
Breakfast Patty would be a patty on a bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, egg,
Ba-Ko-Bits, Cheez Whiz, a Special Sauce made by pouring ketchup out of a
bottle and a little slip of paper stating: "Inspected by Number 12."  The
Lunch or Dinner Patty would be any Breakfast Patties that didn't get sold in
the morning. The Seafood Lover's Patty would be any patties that were
starting to emit a serious aroma.  Patties that were too rank even to be
Seafood Lover's Patties would be compressed into wads and sold as "Nuggets."
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"
To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances
may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
		-- Joseph Glanvill, 1661
Beware the new TTY code!
Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore; not because they are
pretty, or good, or well-bred, or graceful, or intelligent, but because
they are themselves.
		-- Amiel
Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime.
	Mathematician's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  By induction, all
		odd numbers are prime.
	Physicist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is experimental
		error.  11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Engineer's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is prime.
		11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Computer Scientists's Proof:
		3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime...
A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.
Double Bucky, you're the one,
You make my keyboard so much fun,
Double Bucky, an additional bit or two, (Vo-vo-de-o)
Control and meta, side by side,
Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!

Oh, I sure wish that I,
Had a couple of bits more!
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.

Double Double Bucky!  Double Bucky left and right
OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of,
Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of,
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
		-- to Nicholas Wirth, who suggested that an extra bit
		be added to terminal codes on 36-bit machines for use
		by screen editors.  [to the tune of "Rubber Ducky"]
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#16

Relationships:
	First of all, a man does not call a relationship a relationship -- he
refers to it as "that time when me and Suzie were doing it on a semi-regular
basis".
	When a relationship ends, a woman will cry and pour her heart out to
her girlfriends, and she will write a poem titled "All Men Are Idiots".  Then
she will get on with her life.
	A man has a little more trouble letting go.  Six months after the
breakup, at 3:00 a.m. on a Saturday night, he will call and say, "I just
wanted to let you know you ruined my life, and I'll never forgive you, and I
hate you, and you're a total floozy.  But I want you to know that there's
always a chance for us".  This is known as the "I Hate You / I Love You"
drunken phone call, that 99% if all men have made at least once.  There are
community colleges that offer courses to help men get over this need; alas,
these classes rarely prove effective.
Marriage always demands the greatest understanding of the art of
insincerity possible between two human beings.
		-- Vicki Baum
A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions
your wife asks you for nothing.
		-- Joey Adams
I'm shaving!!  I'M SHAVING!!
Dawn, n.:
	The time when men of reason go to bed.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
It pays in England to be a revolutionary and a bible-smacker most of
one's life and then come round.
		-- Lord Alfred Douglas
A statesman is a politician who's been dead 10 or 15 years.
		-- Harry S. Truman
Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.

Corollary:
	Following the rules will not get the job done.
Every living thing wants to survive.
		-- Spock, "The Ultimate Computer", stardate 4731.3
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
Housework can kill you if done right.
		-- Erma Bombeck
Q:	What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
A:	Open other end.
Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time?
It doth; but actions are our epochs; mine
Have made my days and nights imperishable,
Endless, and all alike, as sands on the shore,
Innumerable atoms; and one desert,
Barren and cold, on which the wild waves break,
But nothing rests, save carcasses and wrecks,
Rocks, and the salt-surf weeds of bitterness.
Stuckness shouldn't be avoided.  It's the psychic predecessor of all
real understanding.  An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an
understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
		-- R. Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"
Moe:	Wanna play poker tonight?
Joe:	I can't. It's the kids' night out.
Moe:	So?
Joe:	I gotta stay home with the nurse.
Uh-oh!!  I forgot to submit to COMPULSORY URINALYSIS!
Sic transit gloria mundi.
	[So passes away the glory of this world.]
		-- Thomas `a Kempis
Genius is ten percent inspiration and fifty percent capital gains.
program, n.:
	Any task that can't be completed in one telephone call or one
	day.  Once a task is defined as a program ("training program,"
	"sales program," or "marketing program"), its implementation
	always justifies hiring at least three more people.
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
		-- Henry Adams
A wise man can see more from a mountain top than a fool can from the bottom
of a well.
The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.
Who wants to remember that escape-x-alt-control-left shift-b puts you into
super-edit-debug-compile mode?
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands, especially
Emacs.)
What's all this brouhaha?
"Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint."
-- Dave Sim, author of Cerebrus.
Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine.  You
need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion
picture star.  If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use
the word "collectible" as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified
success.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
She ran the gamut of emotions from 'A' to 'B'.
		-- Dorothy Parker, on a Kate Hepburn performance
"If it's not loud, it doesn't work!"
-- Blank Reg, from "Max Headroom"
The nice thing about Windows is - It does not just crash, it displays a
dialog box and lets you press 'OK' first.
(Arno Schaefer's .sig)
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
		-- Don Vonada
Landru! Guide us!
		-- A Beta 3-oid, "The Return of the Archons", stardate 3157.4
What kind of love is that?  Not to be loved; never to have shown love.
		-- Commissioner Nancy Hedford, "Metamorphosis",
		   stardate 3219.8
Leona, I want to CONFESS things to you ... I want to WRAP you in a SCARLET
ROBE trimmed with POLYVINYL CHLORIDE ... I want to EMPTY your ASHTRAYS ...
QOTD:
	"A child of 5 could understand this!  Fetch me a child of 5."
No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the
one who's giving it.
		-- Hal Chadwick
Happiness is twin floppies.
An Animal that knows who it is, one that has a sense of his own identity, is
a discontented creature, doomed to create new problems for himself for the
duration of his stay on this planet.  Since neither the mouse nor the chip
knows what is, he is spared all the vexing problems that follow this
discovery.  But as soon as the human animal who asked himself this question
emerged, he plunged himself and his descendants into an eternity of doubt
and brooding, speculation and truth-seeking that has goaded him through the
centures as reelentlessly as hunger or sexual longing.  The chimp that does
not know that he exists is not driven to discover his origins and is spared
the tragic necessity of contemplating his own end.  And even if the animal 
experimenters succeed in teaching a chimp to count one hundred bananas or 
to play chess, the chimp will develop no science and he will exhibit no 
appreciation of beauty, for the greatest part of man's wisdom may be traced
back to the eternal questions of beginnings and endings, the quest to give
meaning to his existence, to life itself.
-- Selma Fraiberg, _The Magic Years_, pg. 193
Nachman's Rule:
	When it comes to foreign food, the less authentic the better.
		-- Gerald Nachman
Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
		-- Thomas Alva Edison
Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred,
Tan me hide when I'm dead.
So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde,
It's hanging there on the shed.

All together now...
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction
rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "Sententiae"
"Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and 
those inside desperate to get out."
-- Montaigne
paranoia, n.:
	A healthy understanding of the way the universe works.
In the land of the dark the Ship of the
Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
		-- Egyptian Book of the Dead
The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
	-- The Unix Programmer's Manual, 2nd Edition, June 1972
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
		-- Phaedrus
	There once was this swami who lived above a delicatessan.  Seems one
day he decided to stop in downstairs for some fresh liver.  Well, the owner
of the deli was a bit of a cheap-skate, and decided to pick up a little extra
change at his customer's expense.  Turning quietly to the counterman, he
whispered, "Weigh down upon the swami's liver!"
The eyes of Texas are upon you,
All the livelong day;
The eyes of Texas are upon you,
You cannot get away;
Do not think you can escape them
From night 'til early in the morn;
The eyes of Texas are upon you
'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
		-- University of Texas' school song
"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people
 who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."
-- Jim Joyce, former computer science lecturer at the University of California
Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.

Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity
and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
		-- D. Gries
What is algebra, exactly?  Is it one of those three-cornered things?
		-- J.M. Barrie
I will never lie to you.
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
		-- Scottish Proverb
The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers, always end up on their ends
without any means.
		-- Saul Alinsky
The Worst American Poet
	Julia Moore, "the Sweet Singer of Michigan" (1847-1920) was so bad that
Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years.
	Her verse was mainly concerned with violent death -- the great fire
of Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her pen.
	Whether death was by drowning, by fits or by runaway sleigh, the
formula was the same:
		Have you heard of the dreadful fate
		Of Mr. P.P. Bliss and wife?
		Of their death I will relate,
		And also others lost their life
		(in the) Ashbula Bridge disaster,
		Where so many people died.
	Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems,
the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a
river or struck by lightning.  A critic of the day said she was "worse than
a Gatling gun" and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded.
	Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even
suggesting that the sweet singer was "semi-literate".  Her reply was
forthright: "The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went
beyond reason."  She added that "literary work is very difficult to do".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
QOTD:
	"I sprinkled some baking powder over a couple of potatoes, but it
	didn't work."
Never volunteer for anything.
		-- Lackland
	"You know, it's at times like this when I'm trapped in a Vogon
airlock with a man from Betelgeuse and about to die of asphyxiation in
deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me
when I was young!"
	"Why, what did she tell you?"
	"I don't know, I didn't listen."
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
brain-damaged, generalization of "Honeywell Brain Damage" (HBD), a
theoretical disease invented to explain certain utter cretinisms in
Multics, adj:
	Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented.  There is an implication
	that the person responsible must have suffered brain damage,
	because he/she should have known better.  Calling something
	brain-damaged is bad; it also implies it is unusable.
"Note that if I can get you to \"su and say\" something just by asking,
you have a very serious security problem on your system and you should
look into it."
(By Paul Vixie, vixie-cron 3.0.1 installation notes)
Greener's Law:
	Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
God isn't dead.  He just doesn't want to get involved.
Is death legally binding?
Them as has, gets.
History repeats itself.  That's one thing wrong with history.
Some men are so interested in their wives' continued happiness that they
hire detectives to find out the reason for it.
Power, n.:
	The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.
The net of law is spread so wide,
No sinner from its sweep may hide.
Its meshes are so fine and strong,
They take in every child of wrong.
O wondrous web of mystery!
Big fish alone escape from thee!
		-- James Jeffrey Roche
Wonderful day.  Your hangover just makes it seem terrible.
share, n.:
	To give in, endure humiliation.
Memory fault - where am I?
My idea of roughing it is when room service is late.
The world is coming to an end!  Repent and return those library books!
I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.
Breast Feeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests,
since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
I just forgot my whole philosophy of life!!!
When in doubt, lead trump.
Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	When are you going to grow up?
	I'm only doing this for your own good.
	Why are you crying?  Stop crying, or I'll give you something to
		cry about.
	What's wrong with you?
	Someday you'll thank me for this.
	You'd lose your head if it weren't attached.
	Don't you have any sense at all?
	If you keep sucking your thumb, it'll fall off.
	Why?  Because I said so.
	I hope you have a kid just like yourself.
It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
It is Texas law that when two trains meet each other at a railroad crossing,
each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed until the other
has gone.
HOLY MACRO!
"Inquiry is fatal to certainty."
-- Will Durant
"I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood."
		-- Daffy Duck, "Robin Hood Daffy", [1958, Chuck Jones]
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
Hark ye, Clinker, you are a most notorious offender.  You stand convicted of
sickness, hunger, wretchedness, and want.
		-- Tobias Smollet
Now is the time for drinking; now the time to beat the earth with
unfettered foot.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Farewell we call to hearth and hall!
Though wind may blow and rain may fall,
We must away ere break of day
Far over wood and mountain tall.

	To Rivendell, where Elves yet dwell
	In glades beneath the misty fell,
	Through moor and waste we ride in haste,
	And whither then we cannot tell.

With foes ahead, behind us dread,
Beneath the sky shall be our bed,
Until at last our toil be passed,
Our journey done, our errand sped.

	We must away!  We must away!
	We ride before the break of day!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Automobile, n.:
	A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
		-- M. Hirschfield
Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
	and those who climb it twice.
It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.
My Bonnie looked into a gas tank,
The height of its contents to see!
She lit a small match to assist her,
Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.
Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #2.

^Cu tiu loko estas okupita?		Is this seat taken?
^Cu vi ofte venas ^ci-tien?		Do you come here often?
^Cu mi povas havi via telelonnumeron?	May I have your phone number?
Mi estas komputilisto.			I work with computers.
Mi legas multe da scienca fikcio.	I read a lot of science fiction.
^Cu necesas ke vi eliras?		Do you really have to be going?
Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and without
greatness.  Those who have greatness within them do not go in for politics.
		-- Albert Camus
Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.
101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR
	(1)  Scarecrow for centipedes
	(2)  Dead cat brush
	(3)  Hair barrettes
	(4)  Cleats
	(5)  Self-piercing earrings
	(6)  Fungus trellis
	(7)  False eyelashes
	(8)  Prosthetic dog claws
        .
        .
        .
	(99)  Window garden harrow (pulled behind Tonka tractors)
	(100) Killer velcro
	(101) Currency
A little suffering is good for the soul.
		-- Kirk, "The Corbomite Maneuver", stardate 1514.0
Nine-track tapes and seven-track tapes
And tapes without any tracks;
Stretchy tapes and snarley tapes
And tapes mixed up on the racks --
	Take hold of the tape
	And pull off the strip,
	And then you'll be sure
	Your tape drive will skip.
		-- Uncle Colonel's Cursory Rhymes
"Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller
than the both put together."
If I had a Q-TIP, I could prevent th' collapse of NEGOTIATIONS!!
Nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And we bent our backs as slaves of the night,
Then she lowered her guard and showed me the scars
She got from trying to fight
Saying, oh, you'd better believe it.
[...]
Well nothing that's real is ever for free
And you just have to pay for it sometime.
She said it before, she said it to me,
I suppose she believed there was nothing to see,
But the same old four imaginary walls
She'd built for livin' inside
I said oh, you just can't mean it.
[...]
Well nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And she may have been wrong, and she may have been right,
But I woke with the frost, and noticed she'd lost
The veil that covered her eyes,
I said oh, you can leave it.
		-- Al Stewart, "If It Doesn't Come Naturally, Leave It"
You can't kiss a girl unexpectedly -- only sooner than she thought you would.
Never ask two questions in a business letter.  The reply will discuss
the one you are least interested, and say nothing about the other.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
A method of solution is perfect if we can forsee from the start,
and even prove, that following that method we shall attain our aim.
		-- Leibnitz
ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
By all means marry: If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you
get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
		-- Socrates
When users see one GUI as beautiful,
other user interfaces become ugly.
When users see some programs as winners,
other programs become lossage.

Pointers and NULLs reference each other.
High level and assembler depend on each other.
Double and float cast to each other.
High-endian and low-endian define each other.
While and until follow each other.

Therefore the Guru 
programs without doing anything
and teaches without saying anything.
Warnings arise and he lets them come;
processes are swapped and he lets them go.
He has but doesn't possess,
acts but doesn't expect.
When his work is done, he deletes it.
That is why it lasts forever.
Two hundred years ago today, Irma Chine of White Plains, New York, was 
performing her normal housekeeping routines.  She was interrupted by 
British soldiers who, rallying to the call of their supervisor, General
Hughes, sought to gain control of the voter registration lists kept in
her home.  Masking her fear and thinking fast, Mrs. Chine quickly divided
a nearby apple in two and deftly stored the list in its center.  Upon
entering, the British blatantly violated every conceivable convention,
and, though they went through the house virtually bit by bit, their
search was fruitless.  They had to return empty handed.  Word of the
incident propagated rapidly through the region.  This historic event
became the first documented use of core storage for the saving of registers.
When you said "HEAVILY FORESTED" it reminded me of an overdue CLEANING
BILL ... Don't you SEE?  O'Grogan SWALLOWED a VALUABLE COIN COLLECTION
and HAD to murder the ONLY MAN who KNEW!!
Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.
No one gets sick on Wednesdays.
Lady Luck brings added income today.  Lady friend takes it away tonight.
AAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!!!
You brute!  Knock before entering a ladies room!
Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.
You!  What PLANET is this!
		-- McCoy, "The City on the Edge of Forever", stardate 3134.0
Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.
"Out of register space (ugh)"
-- vi
Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry without a certain
unsoundness of mind.
		-- Thomas Macaulay
The time was the 19th of May, 1780.  The place was Hartford, Connecticut.
The day has gone down in New England history as a terrible foretaste of
Judgement Day.  For at noon the skies turned from blue to grey and by
mid-afternoon had blackened over so densely that, in that religious age,
men fell on their knees and begged a final blessing before the end came.
The Connecticut House of Representatives was in session.  And, as some of
the men fell down and others clamored for an immediate adjournment, the
Speaker of the House, one Col. Davenport, came to his feet.  He silenced
them and said these words: "The day of judgment is either approaching or
it is not.  If it is not, there is no cause for adjournment.  If it is, I
choose to be found doing my duty.  I wish therefore that candles may be
brought."
		-- Alistair Cooke
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy,
But it's very funny -- did you ever try buying them without money?
		-- Ogden Nash
Woman:      "Is Yoo-Hoo hyphenated?"
Yogi Berra: "No, ma'am, its not even carbonated."
We have found all life forms in the galaxy are capable of superior
development.
		-- Kirk, "The Gamesters of Triskelion", stardate 3211.7
Given sufficient time, what you put off doing today will get done by itself.
If you would know the value of money, go try to borrow some.
		-- Ben Franklin
	"How did you spend the weekend?" asked the pretty brunette secretary
of her blonde companion.
	"Fishing through the ice," she replied.
	"Fishing through the ice?   Whatever for?"
	"Olives."
"No job too big; no fee too big!"
		-- Dr. Peter Venkman, "Ghost-busters"
Were these parsnips CORRECTLY MARINATED in TACO SAUCE?
Watching girls go passing by
It ain't the latest thing
I'm just standing in a doorway
I'm just trying to make some sense
Out of these girls passing by		A smile relieves the heart that grieves
The tales they tell of men		Remember what I said
I'm not waiting on a lady		I'm not waiting on a lady
I'm just waiting on a friend		I'm just waiting on a friend
...
Don't need a whore
Don't need no booze
Don't need a virgin priest		Ooh, making love and breaking hearts
But I need someone I can cry to		It is a game for youth
I need someone to protect		But I'm not waiting on a lady
					I'm just waiting on a friend
					I'm just waiting on a friend
		-- Rolling Stones, "Waiting on a Friend"
Brillineggiava, ed i tovoli slati
	girlavano ghimbanti nella vaba;
i borogovi eran tutti mimanti
	e la moma radeva fuorigraba.

"Figliuolo mio, sta' attento al Gibrovacco,
	dagli artigli e dal morso lacerante;
fuggi l'uccello Giuggiolo, e nel sacco
	metti infine il frumioso Bandifante".
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Jabberwocky"
In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.  This is called Monotony.
Insufficient facts always invite danger.
		-- Spock, "Space Seed", stardate 3141.9
Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.
Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!
Q:	How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those
	Californians trying to share the experience.
Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two,
opulence is when you have three -- and paradise is when you have none.
		-- Doug Larson
A kid'll eat the middle of an Oreo, eventually.
To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.
In the long run we are all dead.
		-- John Maynard Keynes
(6)	Men employees will be given time off each week for courting
	purposes, or two evenings a week if they go regularly to church.
(7)	After an employee has spent his thirteen hours of labor in the
	office, he should spend the remaining time reading the Bible
	and other good books.
(8)	Every employee should lay aside from each pay packet a goodly
	sum of his earnings for his benefit during his declining years,
	so that he will not become a burden on society or his betters.
(9)	Any employee who smokes Spanish cigars, uses alcoholic drink
	in any form, frequents pool tables and public halls, or gets
	shaved in a barber's shop, will give me good reason to suspect
	his worth, intentions, integrity and honesty.
(10)	The employee who has performed his labours faithfully and
	without a fault for five years, will be given an increase of
	five cents per day in his pay, providing profits from the
	business permit it.
		-- "Office Worker's Guide", New England Carriage Works, 1872
Sorry.  Nice try.
Walters' Rule:
	All airline flights depart from the gates most distant from
	the center of the terminal.  Nobody ever had a reservation
	on a plane that left Gate 1.
Last night the power went out.  Good thing my camera had a flash....
The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
		-- Steven Wright
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may
be in owning a piece thereof.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus
cursor address, n:
	"Hello, cursor!"
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"
I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
She been married so many times she got rice marks all over her face.
		-- Tom Waits
Did you move a lot of KOREAN STEAK KNIVES this trip, Dingy?
To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.
To a Californian, the basic difference between the people and the pigeons
in New York is that the pigeons don't shit on each other.
	-- From "East vs. West: The War Between the Coasts
"Mr. Spock succumbs to a powerful mating urge and nearly kills Captain Kirk."
-- TV Guide, describing the Star Trek episode _Amok_Time_
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
Q:	What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
A:	The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
"I'm returning this note to you, instead of your paper, because it (your paper)
presently occupies the bottom of my bird cage."
		-- English Professor, Providence College
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then
asks you not to kill him.
		-- Sir Winston Churchill, 1952
What they said:
	What they meant:

"If you knew this person as well as I know him, you would think as much
of him as I do."
	(Or as little, to phrase it slightly more accurately.)
"Her input was always critical."
	(She never had a good word to say.)
"I have no doubt about his capability to do good work."
	(And it's nonexistent.)
"This candidate would lend balance to a department like yours, which
already has so many outstanding members."
	(Unless you already have a moron.)
"His presentation to my seminar last semester was truly remarkable:
one unbelievable result after another."
	(And we didn't believe them, either.)
"She is quite uniform in her approach to any function you may assign her."
	(In fact, to life in general...)
Oblivion together does not frighten me, beloved.
		-- Thalassa (in Anne Mulhall's body), "Return to Tomorrow",
		   stardate 4770.3.
Are we THERE yet?  My MIND is a SUBMARINE!!
Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
		-- Quentin Crisp
Cheese -- milk's leap toward immortality.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"
tax office, n.:
	Den of inequity.
Winning isn't everything.  It's the only thing.
		-- Vince Lombardi
brokee, n:
	Someone who buys stocks on the advice of a broker.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
"The lesser of two evils -- is evil."
-- Seymour (Sy) Leon
Do you have exactly what I want in a plaid poindexter bar bat??
Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.
"On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], 'Pray, Mr. 
Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers
come out?'  I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas 
that could provoke such a question."
-- Charles Babbage
A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program
in than some that do.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie
"Flattery is all right -- if you don't inhale."
-- Adlai Stevenson
* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
I guess I've been so wrapped up in playing the game that I never took
time enough to figure out where the goal line was -- what it meant to
win -- or even how you won.
		-- Cash McCall
There be sober men a'plenty, and drunkards barely twenty; there are men
of over ninety who have never yet kissed a girl.  But give me the rambling
rover, from Orkney down to Dover, we will roam the whole world over, and
together we'll face the world.
		-- Andy Stewart, "After the Hush"
I just thought of something funny...your mother.
- Cheech Marin
* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.
Something better...

13 (sympathetic): Oh, What happened?  Did your parents lose a bet with God?
14 (complimentary): You must love the little birdies to give them this to
	perch on.
15 (scientific): Say, does that thing there influence the tides?
16 (obscure): Oh, I'd hate to see the grindstone.
17 (inquiry): When you stop to smell the flowers, are they afraid?
18 (french): Say, the pigs have refused to find any more truffles until you
	leave.
19 (pornographic): Finally, a man who can satisfy two women at once.
20 (religious): The Lord giveth and He just kept on giving, didn't He.
21 (disgusting): Say, who mows your nose hair?
22 (paranoid): Keep that guy away from my cocaine!
23 (aromatic): It must be wonderful to wake up in the morning and smell the
	coffee ... in Brazil.
24 (appreciative): Oooo, how original.  Most people just have their teeth
	capped.
25 (dirty): Your name wouldn't be Dick, would it?
		-- Steve Martin, "Roxanne"
"BYTE editors are men who seperate the wheat from the chaff, and then
 print the chaff."
-- Lionel Hummel (uiucdcs!hummel), derived from a quote by Adlai Stevenson, Sr.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #19:

Q:  Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
A:  All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
		-- Art Hoppe
It is more rational to sacrifice one life than six.
		-- Spock, "The Galileo Seven", stardate 2822.3
The Great Movie Posters:

SHE TOOK ON A WHOLE GANG! A howling hellcat humping a hot steel hog
on a roaring rampage of revenge!
		-- Bury Me an Angel (1972)

WHAT'S THE SECRET INGREDIENT USED BY THE MAD BUTCHER FOR HIS SUPERB SAUSAGES?
		-- Meat is Meat (1972)

TODAY the Pond!
TOMORROW the World!
		-- Frogs (1972)
Don't shout for help at night.  You might wake your neighbors.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lem, "Unkempt Thoughts"
All that is gold does not glitter,
Not all those who wander are lost;
The old that is strong does not wither,
Deep roots are not reached by the frost. 
From the ashes a fire shall be woken,
A light from the shadows shall spring;
Renewed shall be blade that was broken,
The crownless again shall be king.
	        -- J.R.R. Tolkien
Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.
half-done, n.:
	This is the best way to eat a kosher dill -- when it's still crunchy,
	light green, yet full of garlic flavor.  The difference between this
	and the typical soggy dark green cucumber corpse is like the
	difference between life and death.

	You may find it difficult to find a good half-done kosher dill there
	in Seattle, so what you should do is take a cab out to the airport,
	fly to New York, take the JFK Express to Jay Street-Borough Hall,
	transfer to an uptown F, get off at East Broadway, walk north on
	Essex (along the park), make your first left onto Hester Street, walk
	about fifteen steps, turn ninety degrees left, and stop.  Say to the
	man, "Let me have a nice half-done."  Worth the trouble, wasn't it?
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"
Time-sharing is the junk-mail part of the computer business.
		-- H.R.J. Grosch (attributed)
You will always find something in the last place you look.
To understand this important story, you have to understand how the telephone
company works.  Your telephone is connected to a local computer, which is in
turn connected to a regional computer, which is in turn connected to a
loudspeaker the size of a garbage truck on the lawn of Edna A. Bargewater of
Lawrence, Kan.

Whenever you talk on the phone, your local computer listens in.  If it
suspects you're going to discuss an intimate topic, it notifies the computer
above it, which listens in and decides whether to alert the one above it,
until finally, if you really humiliate yourself, maybe break down in tears
and tell your closest friend about a sordid incident from your past
involving a seedy motel, a neighbor's spouse, an entire religious order, a
garden hose and six quarts of tapioca pudding, the top computer feeds your
conversation into Edna's loudspeaker, and she and her friends come out on
the porch to listen and drink gin and laugh themselves silly.
		-- Dave Barry, "Won't It Be Just Great Owning Our Own Phones?"
Reputation, adj.:
	What others are not thinking about you.
Support the Girl Scouts!
	(Today's Brownie is tomorrow's Cookie!)
We Klingons believe as you do -- the sick should die.  Only the strong
should live.
		-- Kras, "Friday's Child", stardate 3497.2
A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall fear no
evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic operators together.
		-- Steve Higgins
	"Welcome back for you 13th consecutive week, Evelyn.  Evelyn, will
you go into the auto-suggestion booth and take your regular place on the
psycho-prompter couch?"
	"Thank you, Red."
	"Now, Evelyn, last week you went up to $40,000 by properly citing
your rivalry with your sibling as a compulsive sado-masochistic behavior
pattern which developed out of an early post-natal feeding problem."
	"Yes, Red."
	"But -- later, when asked about pre-adolescent oedipal phantasy
repressions, you rationalized twice and mental blocked three times.  Now,
at $300 per rationalization and $500 per mental block you lost $2,100 off
your $40,000 leaving you with a total of $37,900.  Now, any combination of
two more mental blocks and either one rationalization or three defensive
projections will put you out of the game.  Are you willing to go ahead?"
	"Yes, Red."
	"I might say here that all of Evelyn's questions and answers have
been checked for accuracy with her analyst.  Now, Evelyn, for $80,000
explain the failure of your three marriages."
	"Well, I--"
	"We'll get back to Evelyn in one minute.  First a word about our
product."
		-- Jules Feiffer
Dear Emily:
	I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to
summarize.  What should I do?
		-- Editor

Dear Editor:
	Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post
that.  On USENET, this is known as a summary.  It lets people read all the
replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way.  Do the same when
summarizing a vote.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
"I distrust a man who says 'when.'  If he's got to be careful not to drink too 
much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does."
-- Sidney Greenstreet, _The Maltese Falcon_
	"These are DARK TIMES for all mankind's HIGHEST VALUES!"
	"These are DARK TIMES for FREEDOM and PROSPERITY!"
	"These are GREAT TIMES to put your money on BAD GUY to kick the CRAP
out of MEGATON MAN!"
"If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?"
-- Lily Tomlin
Life is like a tin of sardines.  We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe
The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.
"They ought to make butt-flavored cat food."   --Gallagher
A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
		-- D. Gries
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
... the flaw that makes perfection perfect.
You can't cheat an honest man.  Never give a sucker an even break or
smarten up a chump.
		-- W.C. Fields
EARL GREY PROFILES

NAME:		Jean-Luc Perriwinkle Picard
OCCUPATION:	Starship Big Cheese
AGE:		94
BIRTHPLACE:	Paris, Terra Sector
EYES:		Grey
SKIN:		Tanned
HAIR:		Not much
LAST MAGAZINE READ:
		Lobes 'n' Probes, the Ferengi-Betazoid Sex Quarterly
TEA:		Earl Grey.  Hot.

EARL GREY NEVER VARIES.
Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
pediddel:
	A car with only one working headlight.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
I'm also pre-POURED pre-MEDITATED and pre-RAPHAELITE!!
There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
		-- Arthur C. Clarke
XVI:
	In the year 2054, the entire defense budget will purchase just one
	aircraft.  This aircraft will have to be shared by the Air Force and
	Navy 3-1/2 days each per week except for leap year, when it will be
	made available to the Marines for the extra day.
XVII:
	Software is like entropy.  It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing,
	and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics, i.e., it always increases.
XVIII:
	It is very expensive to achieve high unreliability.  It is not uncommon
	to increase the cost of an item by a factor of ten for each factor of
	ten degradation accomplished.
XIX:
	Although most products will soon be too costly to purchase, there will
	be a thriving market in the sale of books on how to fix them.
XX:
	In any given year, Congress will appropriate the amount of funding
	approved the prior year plus three-fourths of whatever change the
	administration requests -- minus 4-percent tax.
		-- Norman Augustine
The water was not fit to drink.  To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey.
By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
		-- Winston Churchill
She often gave herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll
The characteristic property of hallucinogens, to suspend the boundaries between
the experiencing self and the outer world in an ecstatic, emotional experience,
makes it posible with their help, and after suitable internal and external
perparation...to evoke a mystical experience according to plan, so to speak...
I see the true importance of LSD in the possibility of providing materail aid 
to meditation aimed at the mystical experience of a deeper, comprehensive
reality.  Such a use accords entirely with the essence and working character
of LSD as a sacred drug.
- Dr. Albert Hoffman, the discoverer of LSD
Cache:
	A very expensive part of the memory system of a computer that no one
	is supposed to know is there.
Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.
Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
		-- Kayvan Sylvan
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves
up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
		-- Winston Churchill
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Down to the Banana Republics,
Down to the tropical sun.
Go the expatriated Americans,
Hoping to find some fun.
Some of them go for the sailing,
Caught by the lure of the sea.
Trying to find what is ailing,
Living in the land of the free.
Some of them are running from lovers,
Leaving no forward address.
Some of them are running tons of ganja,
Some are running from the IRS.
Late at night you will find them,
In the cheap hotels and bars.
Hustling the senoritas,
While they dance beneath the stars.
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Banana Republics"
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking
advantage of them.
Man and wife make one fool.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night
to write.
		-- Saul Bellow
It is not for me to attempt to fathom the inscrutable workings of Providence.
		-- The Earl of Birkenhead
#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define  BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

		-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word
If it is a Miracle, any sort of evidence will answer, but if it is a Fact,
proof is necessary.
		-- Samuel Clemens
If you want to read about love and marriage you've got to buy two separate
books.
		-- Alan King
You will be married within a year.
The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.
Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
	for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
	cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82
If built in great numbers, motels will be used for nothing but illegal
purposes.
		-- J. Edgar Hoover
Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.
		-- Aleister Crowley
You'll be sorry...
work, n.:
	The blessed respite from screaming kids and
	soap operas for which you actually get paid.
If he should ever change his faith, it'll be because he no longer thinks
he's God.
"It was the Law of the Sea, they said.	Civilization ends at the waterline.
Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top."
- Hunter S. Thompson
Old programmers never die, they just become managers.
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
Marriage is the waste-paper basket of the emotions.
It is common sense to take a method and try it.  If it fails,
admit it frankly and try another.  But above all, try something.
		-- Franklin D. Roosevelt
GIVE UP!!!!
What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
		-- Wittgenstein
It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better
still to be a live lion.  And usually easier.
		-- Lazarus Long
This is now.  Later is later.
My computer can beat up your computer.
- Karl Lehenbauer
The idea that an arbitrary naive human should be able to properly use a given
tool without training or understanding is even more wrong for computing than
it is for other tools (e.g. automobiles, airplanes, guns, power saws).
		-- Doug Gwyn
The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.
There comes to all races an ultimate crisis which you have yet to face
.... One day our minds became so powerful we dared think of ourselves as gods.
		-- Sargon, "Return to Tomorrow", stardate 4768.3
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, "The Mythical Man Month"
Eight was also the Number of Bel-Shamharoth, which was why a sensible wizard
would never mention the number if he could avoid it.  Or you'll be eight
alive, apprentices were jocularly warned.  Bel-Shamharoth was especially
attracted to dabblers in magic who, by being as it were beachcombers on the
shores of the unnatural, were already half-enmeshed in his nets.
Rincewind's room number in his hall of residence had been 7a.  He hadn't
been surprised.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Sending of Eight"
The 'A' is for content, the 'minus' is for not typing it.  Don't ever do
this to my eyes again.
		-- Professor Ronald Brady, Philosophy, Ramapo State College
Many companies that have made themselves dependent on [the equipment of a
certain major manufacturer] (and in doing so have sold their soul to the
devil) will collapse under the sheer weight of the unmastered complexity of
their data processing systems.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
Prejudice:
	A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"
Type louder, please.
Photographing a volcano is just about the most miserable thing you can do.
		-- Robert B. Goodman
	[Who has clearly never tried to use a PDP-10.  Ed.]
	A master programmer passed a novice programmer one day.  The master
noted the novice's preoccupation with a hand-held computer game.  "Excuse me",
he said, "may I examine it?"
	The novice bolted to attention and handed the device to the master.
"I see that the device claims to have three levels of play: Easy, Medium,
and Hard", said the master.  "Yet every such device has another level of play,
where the device seeks not to conquer the human, nor to be conquered by the
human."
	"Pray, great master," implored the novice, "how does one find this
mysterious setting?"
	The master dropped the device to the ground and crushed it under foot.
And suddenly the novice was enlightened.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"
Appearances often are deceiving.
		-- Aesop
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy,
But it's very funny -- did you ever try buying them without money?
		-- Ogden Nash
The leaves were long, the grass was green,
The hemlock-umbels tall and fair,
And in the glade a light was seen
Of stars in shadow shimmering.
Tin'uviel was dancing there
To music of a pipe unseen,
And light of stars was in her hair,
And in her raiment glimmering.

There Beren came from mountains colds,
And lost he wandered under leaves,
And where the Elven-river rolled
He walked alone and sorrowing.
He peered between the hemlock-leaves
And saw in wonder flowers of gold
Upon her mantle and her sleeves,
And her hair like shadow following.

Enchantment healed his weary feet
That over hills were doomed to roam;
And forth he hastened, strong and fleet,
And grasped at moonbeams glistening.
Through woven woods in Elvenhome
She lightly fled on dancing feet,
And left him lonely still to roam
In the silent forest listening.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his
mouth.
Chairman of the Bored.
Bennett's Laws of Horticulture:
	(1) Houses are for people to live in.
	(2) Gardens are for plants to live in.
	(3) There is no such thing as a houseplant.
Heisenberg may have slept here...
	The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
I will not sleep here tonight. Home also I cannot go.
	A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
Turning the curve he waved his hand.  A sleek brown head, a seal's, far
out on the water, round.  Usurper.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"
I'm meditating on the FORMALDEHYDE and the ASBESTOS leaking into my
PERSONAL SPACE!!
Two golfers were being held up as the twosome of women in front of them
whiffed shots, hunted for lost balls and stood over putts for what seemed
like hours.
	"I'll ask if we can play through," Bill said as he strode toward
the women.  Twenty yards from the green, however, he turned on his heel
and went back to where his companion was waiting.
	"Can't do it," he explained, sheepishly.  "One of them's my wife
and the other's my mistress!"
	"I'll ask," said Jim.  He started off, only to turn and come back
before reaching the green.
	"What's wrong?" Bill asked.
	"Small world, isn't it?"
				SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT

Title:		Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Speaker:	Don "The Lion" Knuth

				ABSTRACT
	Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying
the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.  The problem
of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas
of computer science.  It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi-
bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size
pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete.  We will show that
there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program
to a frog.  We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable
functions.
	This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
	Refreshments will be served.  Music will be played.
Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
		-- Kirk, "A Taste of Armageddon", stardate 3193.9
If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker,
It is slick to stick a lock upon your stock. 
	Or some joker who is slicker,
	Will trick you of your liquor,
If you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.
What's another word for "thesaurus"?
		-- Steven Wright
Q:  How many IBM CPU's does it take to execute a job?
A:  Four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
	If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.

Corollary:
	If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary
safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."
		-- Benjamin Franklin, 1759
My BIOLOGICAL ALARM CLOCK just went off ... It has noiseless DOZE
FUNCTION and full kitchen!!
Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
		-- Marvin Minsky
Free Speech Is The Right To Shout 'Theater' In A Crowded Fire.
		-- A Yippie Proverb
"Laugh while you can, monkey-boy."
-- Dr. Emilio Lizardo
Contemptuous lights flashed flashed across the computer's console.
-- Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
It isn't easy being a Friday kind of person in a Monday kind of world.
Rudeness is a weak man's imitation of strength.
Men aren't attracted to me by my mind.  They're attracted by what I
don't mind...
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee
Thus spake the master programmer:
	"A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program
is its own hell."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
You ask what a nice girl will do?  She won't give an inch, but she won't
say no.
		-- Marcus Valerius Martialis
Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.
If people drank ink instead of Schlitz, they'd be better off.
		-- Edward E. Hippensteel

[What brand of ink?  Ed.]
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.  Unless there
are three other people.
		-- Orson Welles
God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.
... indifference is a militant thing ... when it goes away it leaves
smoking ruins, where lie citizens bayonetted through the throat.  It is
not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
		-- Stephen Crane
An Animal that knows who it is, one that has a sense of his own identity, is
a discontented creature, doomed to create new problems for himself for the
duration of his stay on this planet.  Since neither the mouse nor the chip
knows what is, he is spared all the vexing problems that follow this
discovery.  But as soon as the human animal who asked himself this question
emerged, he plunged himself and his descendants into an eternity of doubt
and brooding, speculation and truth-seeking that has goaded him through the
centures as reelentlessly as hunger or sexual longing.  The chimp that does
not know that he exists is not driven to discover his origins and is spared
the tragic necessity of contemplating his own end.  And even if the animal 
experimenters succeed in teaching a chimp to count one hundred bananas or 
to play chess, the chimp will develop no science and he will exhibit no 
appreciation of beauty, for the greatest part of man's wisdom may be traced
back to the eternal questions of beginnings and endings, the quest to give
meaning to his existence, to life itself.
-- Selma Fraiberg, _The Magic Years_, pg. 193
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry
attacks democracy itself.
		-- William S. Paley, chairman of CBS
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
		-- Wernher von Braun
Because the wine remembers.
Overflow on /dev/null, please empty the bit bucket.
news: gotcha
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
		-- Dr. Konrad Adenauer
Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
October 12, the Discovery.

It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss
it.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend,
You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.

(chorus)	Grovel, grovel, grovel, every night and every day,
		Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.

You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park,
You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
(chorus)

You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt,
You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
(chorus)
The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
		-- Quintus Ennius
Men's skin is different from women's skin.  It is usually bigger, and
it has more snakes tattooed on it.  Also, if you examine a woman's skin
very closely, inch by inch, starting at her shapely ankles, then gently
tracing the slender curve of her calves, then moving up to her ...

[EDITOR'S NOTE: To make room for news articles about important world events
such as agriculture, we're going to delete the next few square feet of the
woman's skin.  Thank you.]

... until finally the two of you are lying there, spent, smoking your
cigarettes, and suddenly it hits you: Human skin is actually made up of
billions of tiny units of protoplasm, called "cells"!  And what is even more
interesting, the ones on the outside are all dying!  This is a fact.  Your
skin is like an aggressive modern corporation, where the older veteran
cells, who have finally worked their way to the top and obtained offices
with nice views, are constantly being shoved out the window head first,
without so much as a pension plan, by younger hotshot cells moving up from
below.
		-- Dave Barry, "Saving Face"
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
		-- Mae West
The trouble with heart disease is that the first symptom is often hard to
deal with: death.
		-- Michael Phelps
Have you seen how Sonny's burning,
Like some bright erotic star,
He lights up the proceedings,
And raises the temperature.
		-- The Birthday Party, "Sonny's Burning"
"It is better to have tried and failed than to have failed to try, but
the result's the same."
- Mike Dennison
Women sometimes forgive a man who forces the opportunity, but never a man
who misses one.
		-- Charles De Talleyrand-Perigord
	On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
There are lots of phrases.  My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale
is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright,
non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do
several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works
best, write it down and make that the standard.
	The OSI view is entirely opposite.  You take written contributions
from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of
committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all
with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get
something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once.
	So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well,
then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write
it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it
after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is
committed to it.  One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think
it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
		-- Marshall Rose, "The Pied Piper of OSI"
	Deck us all with Boston Charlie,
	Walla Walla, Wash., an' Kalamazoo!
	Nora's freezin' on the trolley,
	Swaller dollar cauliflower, alleygaroo!

	Don't we know archaic barrel,
	Lullaby Lilla Boy, Louisville Lou.
	Trolley Molly don't love Harold,
	Boola boola Pensacoola hullabaloo!
		-- Pogo, "Deck Us All With Boston Charlie" [Walt Kelly]
Technicality, n.:
	In an English court a man named Home was tried for slander in having
	accused a neighbor of murder.  His exact words were: "Sir Thomas Holt
	hath taken a cleaver and stricken his cook upon the head, so that one
	side of his head fell on one shoulder and the other side upon the
	other shoulder."  The defendant was acquitted by instruction of the
	court, the learned judges holding that the words did not charge murder,
	for they did not affirm the death of the cook, that being only an
	inference.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on
the subject of towels.
	Most importantly, a towel has immense psychological value.  For
some reason, if a non-hitchhiker discovers that a hitchhiker has his towel
with him, he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a
toothbrush, washcloth, flask, gnat spray, space suit, etc., etc.  Furthermore,
the non-hitchhiker will then happily lend the hitchhiker any of these or
a dozen other items that he may have "lost".  After all, any man who can
hitch the length and breadth of the Galaxy, struggle against terrible odds,
win through and still know where his towel is, is clearly a man to be
reckoned with.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
And now for something completely different.
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more
deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain
Showing up is 80% of life.
		-- Woody Allen
A man with 3 wings and a dictionary is cousin to the turkey.
prairies, n.:
	Vast plains covered by treeless forests.
It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
		-- George Santayana
Indiana is a state dedicated to basketball.  Basketball, soybeans, hogs and
basketball.  Berkeley, needless to say, is not nearly as athletic.  Berkeley
is dedicated to coffee, angst, potholes and coffee.
		-- Carolyn Jones
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- S. Johnson, "The Life of Samuel Johnson" by J. Boswell

In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last
resort of the scoundrel.  With all due respect to an enlightened but
inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
		-- Ambrose Bierce

When Dr. Johnson defined patriotism as the last refuge of a scoundrel,
he ignored the enormous possibilities of the word reform.
		-- Sen. Roscoe Conkling

Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
		-- Boies Penrose
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system.  Therefore, users
tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space.  It has
been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is the
message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.
		-- System V.2 administrator's guide
Alive without breath,
As cold as death;
Never thirsty, ever drinking,
All in mail ever clinking.
Slowly and surely the unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...
GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (#17):

On November 13, Felix Unger was asked to remove himself from his place
of residence.
Did you know the University of Iowa closed down after someone stole the book?
A wise man can see more from a mountain top than a fool can from the bottom
of a well.
Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes
It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.

"Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not cockroaches!"
		-- Mom
I was born in a Hostess Cupcake factory before the sexual revolution!
The reader this message encounters not failing to understand is cursed.
"Engineering meets art in the parking lot and things explode."
-- Garry Peterson, about Survival Research Labs
After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
		-- Jean Giraudoux
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
		-- Bertolt Brecht
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
Trust your husband, adore your husband, and get as much as you can in your
own name.
		-- Joan Rivers
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable,
must be the truth.
		-- Sherlock Holmes, "The Sign of Four"
If it smells it's chemistry, if it crawls it's biology, if it doesn't work
it's physics.
I like your SNOOPY POSTER!!
	"The glory of creation is in its infinite diversity."
	"And in the way our differences combine to create meaning and beauty."
		-- Dr. Miranda Jones and Spock, "Is There in Truth No Beauty?",
		   stardate 5630.8
Many pages make a thick book.
Monterey... is decidedly the pleasantest and most civilized-looking place
in California ... [it] is also a great place for cock-fighting, gambling
of all sorts, fandangos, and various kinds of amusements and knavery.
		-- Richard Henry Dama, "Two Years Before the Mast", 1840
Who is D.B. Cooper, and where is he now?
If you see an onion ring -- answer it!
People who develop the habit of thinking of themselves as world
citizens are fulfilling the first requirement of sanity in our time.
		-- Norman Cousins
Mr and Mrs PED, can I borrow 26.7% of the RAYON TEXTILE production of
the INDONESIAN archipelago?
As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic 
schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve 
The Problem, saving the documentation for later.
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
Q:	Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
A:	He found out what "kimosabe" really means.
	There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs.
A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured
programs.  When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the
master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: "What is
appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice.  You must
understand the Tao before transcending structure."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
You now have Asian Flu.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
It was one time too many
One word too few
It was all too much for me and you
There was one way to go
Nothing more we could do
One time too many
One word too few
		-- Meredith Tanner
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
		-- Euripides
"If anything can go wrong, it will."
-- Edsel Murphy
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two
chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
		-- Carl Jung
Throw away documentation and manuals,
and users will be a hundred times happier.
Throw away privileges and quotas,
and users will do the Right Thing.
Throw away proprietary and site licenses,
and there won't be any pirating.

If these three aren't enough,
just stay at your home directory 
and let all processes take their course.
The wise man seeks everything in himself; the ignorant man tries to get
everything from somebody else.
Peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it.
In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is;
you're what's left.
Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill them.
Lisp Users:
Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.
I'll learn to play the Saxophone,
I play just what I feel.
Drink Scotch whisky all night long,
And die behind the wheel.
They got a name for the winners in the world,
I want a name when I lose.
They call Alabama the Crimson Tide,
Call me Deacon Blues.
		-- Becker and Fagan, "Deacon Blues"
In 1967, the Soviet Government minted a beautiful silver ruble with Lenin
in a very familiar pose -- arms raised above him, leading the country to
revolution.  But, it was clear to everybody, that if you looked at it from
behind, it was clear that Lenin was pointing to 11:00, when the Vodka
shops opened, and was actually saying, "Comrades, forward to the Vodka shops.

It became fashionable, when one wanted to have a drink, to take out the
ruble and say, "Oh my goodness, Comrades, Lenin tells me we should go.
Basic Definitions of Science:
	If it's green or wiggles, it's biology.
	If it stinks, it's chemistry.
	If it doesn't work, it's physics.
Overflow on /dev/null, please empty the bit bucket.
You are false data.
If we see the light at the end of the tunnel, it's the light of an
oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell
Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III
In just seven days, I can make you a man!
		-- The Rocky Horror Picture Show
Every path has its puddle.
The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and
add ten percent.
"Pok pok pok, P'kok!"
-- Superchicken
Here in my heart, I am Helen;
	I'm Aspasia and Hero, at least.
I'm Judith, and Jael, and Madame de Sta"el;
	I'm Salome, moon of the East.

Here in my soul I am Sappho;
	Lady Hamilton am I, as well.
In me R'ecamier vies with Kitty O'Shea,
	With Dido, and Eve, and poor Nell.

I'm all of the glamorous ladies
	At whose beckoning history shook.
But you are a man, and see only my pan,
	So I stay at home with a book.
		-- Dorothy Parker
I have a dog; I named him Stay.  So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, "Here,
Stay, here..." but he got wise to that.  Now when I call him he ignores me
and just keeps on typing.
		-- Steven Wright
	"It's a summons."
	"What's a summons?"
	"It means summon's in trouble."
		-- Rocky and Bullwinkle
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Antonym, n.:
	The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government,
to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
		-- Laurie Anderson
You should tip the waiter $10, minus $2 if he tells you his name, another $2
if he claims it will be His Pleasure to serve you and another $2 for each
"special" he describes involving confusing terms such as "shallots," and $4
if the menu contains the word "fixin's." In many restaurants, this means the
waiter will actually owe you money. If you are traveling with a child aged
six months to three years, you should leave an additional amount equal to
twice the bill to compensate for the fact that they will have to take the
banquette out and burn it because the cracks are wedged solid with gobbets
made of partially chewed former restaurant rolls saturated with baby spit.

In New York, tip the taxicab driver $40 if he does not mention his hemorrhoids.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"
We all declare for liberty, but in using the same word we do not all mean
the same thing.
		-- A. Lincoln
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they
could do was to go away.
"jackpot:  you may have an unneccessary change record"
-- message from "diff"
You'll always be,
What you always were,
Which has nothing to do with,
All to do, with her.
		-- Company
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the
technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.
		-- Edsger Dijkstra
You dialed 5483.
All the simple programs have been written.
All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely
than others.
		-- Alan Truscott
A large spider in an old house built a beautiful web in which to catch flies.
Every time a fly landed on the web and was entangled in it the spider devoured
him, so that when another fly came along he would think the web was a safe and
quiet place in which to rest.  One day a fairly intelligent fly buzzed around
above the web so long without lighting that the spider appeared and said,
"Come on down."  But the fly was too clever for him and said, "I never light
where I don't see other flies and I don't see any other flies in your house."
So he flew away until he came to a place where there were a great many other
flies.  He was about to settle down among them when a bee buzzed up and said,
"Hold it, stupid, that's flypaper.  All those flies are trapped."  "Don't be
silly," said the fly, "they're dancing."  So he settled down and became stuck
to the flypaper with all the other flies.

Moral:  There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.
		-- James Thurber, "The Fairly Intelligent Fly"
Newton's Little-Known Seventh Law:
	A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
Distress, n.:
	A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
work, n.:
	The blessed respite from screaming kids and
	soap operas for which you actually get paid.
marriage, n.:
	Convertible bonds.
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak
it to?
		-- Clarence Darrow
Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to work.
Photographing a volcano is just about the most miserable thing you can do.
		-- Robert B. Goodman
	[Who has clearly never tried to use a PDP-10.  Ed.]
You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.
Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
		-- Don Vonada
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
		-- Eric Hoffer
Yow!  I'm imagining a surfer van filled with soy sauce!
Now that day wearies me,
My yearning desire
Will receive more kindly,
Like a tired child, the starry night.

Hands, leave off your deeds,
Mind, forget all thoughts;
All of my forces
Yearn only to sink into sleep.

And my soul, unguarded,
Would soar on widespread wings,
To live in night's magical sphere
More profoundly, more variously.
		-- Hermann Hesse, "Going to Sleep"
Beware of computerized fortune-tellers!
The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.
A "practical joker" deserves applause for his wit according to its quality.
Bastinado is about right.  For exceptional wit one might grant keelhauling.
But staking him out on an anthill should be reserved for the very wittiest.
		-- Lazarus Long
Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
		-- Dwight Eisenhower
There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
"When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
		-- Mark Twain
A New Way of Taking Pills
	A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and
having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with
small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a "prescription" which he thinks
will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
		-- Nevada Morning Transcript, January 30, 1861
Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real disasters in life begin
when you get what you want.
Pedro Guerrero was playing third base for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1984
when he made the comment that earns him a place in my Hall of Fame.  Second
baseman Steve Sax was having trouble making his throws.  Other players were
diving, screaming, signaling for a fair catch.  At the same time, Guerrero,
at third, was making a few plays that weren't exactly soothing to manager
Tom Lasorda's stomach.  Lasorda decided it was time for one of his famous
motivational meetings and zeroed in on Guerrero: "How can you play third
base like that?  You've gotta be thinking about something besides baseball.
What is it?"
	"I'm only thinking about two things," Guerrero said.  "First, `I
hope they don't hit the ball to me.'"  The players snickered, and even
Lasorda had to fight off a laugh.  "Second, `I hope they don't hit the ball
to Sax.'"
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"
Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.  But while this simplistic
formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the scientific
mind.  The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact wholly unconcerned
with what ____does exist.  Indeed, the banality of existence has been
so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to discuss it any further
here.  The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the problem analytically,
discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the mythical, the chimerical,
and the purely hypothetical.  They were all, one might say, nonexistent,
but each nonexisted in an entirely different way ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
Zall's Laws:
	(1) Any time you get a mouthful of hot soup, the next thing you do
	   will be wrong.
	(2) How long a minute is, depends on which side of the bathroom
	   door you're on.
Fertility is hereditary.  If your parents didn't have any children,
neither will you.
You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.  This is called Monotony.
I just forgot my whole philosophy of life!!!
I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial.  I don't like the idea of
a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
		-- Lowell, Chicago Reader 10/15/82
enhance, v.:
	To tamper with an image, usually to its detriment.
Am I SHOPLIFTING?
Business is a good game -- lots of competition and minimum of rules.
You keep score with money.
		-- Nolan Bushnell, founder of Atari
Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
		-- J.J. Gibson
But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!
An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
Hate the sin and love the sinner.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi
Epperson's law:
	When a man says it's a silly, childish game, it's probably
	something his wife can beat him at.
If I were to walk on water, the press would say I'm only doing it
because I can't swim.
		-- Bob Stanfield
His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn
Isn't it nice that people who prefer Los Angeles to San Francisco live there?
		-- Herb Caen
"Inquiry is fatal to certainty."
-- Will Durant
You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.

Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.
	By the middle 1880's, practically all the roads except those in
the South, were of the present standard gauge.  The southern roads were
still five feet between rails.
	It was decided to change the gauge of all southern roads to standard,
in one day.  This remarkable piece of work was carried out on a Sunday in May
of 1886.  For weeks beforehand, shops had been busy pressing wheels in on the
axles to the new and narrower gauge, to have a supply of rolling stock which
could run on the new track as soon as it was ready.  Finally, on the day set,
great numbers of gangs of track layers went to work at dawn.  Everywhere one
rail was loosened, moved in three and one-half inches, and spiked down in its
new position.  By dark, trains from anywhere in the United States could operate
over the tracks in the South, and a free interchange of freight cars everywhere
was possible.
		-- Robert Henry, "Trains", 1957
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!
Bachelor:
	A man who chases women and never Mrs. one.
DOS: n., A small annoying boot virus that causes random spontaneous system
     crashes, usually just before saving a massive project.  Easily cured by
     UNIX.  See also MS-DOS, IBM-DOS, DR-DOS.
(from David Vicker's .plan)
The truth about a woman often lasts longer than the woman is true.
			Pittsburgh driver's test
			
(10) Potholes are

	(a) extremely dangerous.
	(b) patriotic.
	(c) the fault of the previous administration.
	(d) all going to be fixed next summer.

The correct answer is (b). Potholes destroy unpatriotic, unamerican,
imported cars, since the holes are larger than the cars.  If you drive a
big, patriotic, American car you have nothing to worry about.
I object to intellect without discipline;  I object to power without
constructive purpose.
		-- Spock, "The Squire of Gothos", stardate 2124.5
The door is the key.
Strategy:
	A long-range plan whose merit cannot be evaluated until sometime
	after those creating it have left the organization.
Other women cloy
The appetites they feed, but she makes hungry
Where most she satisfies.
		-- Antony and Cleopatra
Genderplex, n.:
	The predicament of a person in a restaurant who is unable to
	determine his or her designated restroom (e.g., turtles and tortoises).
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
"We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and
exceptional ability in that particular field."
Dear Miss Manners:
	My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's
elbows on the table.  However, I have read that one elbow, in between
courses, is all right.  Which is correct?

Gentle Reader:
	For the purpose of answering examinations in your home economics
class, your teacher is correct.  Catching on to this principle of
education may be of even greater importance to you now than learning
correct current table manners, vital as Miss Manners believes that is.
Disc space -- the final frontier!
We were happily married for eight months.  Unfortunately, we were married
for four and a half years.
		-- Nick Faldo
St. Patrick was a gentleman
who through strategy and stealth
drove all the snakes from Ireland.
Here's a toasting to his health --
but not too many toastings
lest you lose yourself and then
forget the good St. Patrick
and see all those snakes again.
The only constant is change.
Holy Dilemma!  Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder?
Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh?

	Tune in again tomorrow:
	same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!
The government has just completed work on a missile that turned out to be a
bit of a boondoggle; nicknamed "Civil Servant", it won't work and they can't
fire it.
Support your local church or synagogue.  Worship at Bank of America.
Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
All new:
	Parts not interchangeable with previous model.
I think your opinions are reasonable, except for the one about my mental
instability.
		-- Psychology Professor, Farifield University
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and
fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are
drifting side by side to our common doom.
		-- Clarence Darrow
Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
		-- Paul Tillich, German theologian.
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
	-- John Naisbitt, Megatrends
	"Many have seen Topaxci, God of the Red Mushroom, and they earn the
name of shaman," he said.  Some have seen Skelde, spirit of the smoke, and
they are called sorcerers.  A few have been privileged to see Umcherrel, the
soul of the forest, and they are known as spirit masters.  But none have
seen a box with hundreds of legs that looked at them without eyes, and they
are known as idio--"
	The interruption was caused by a sudden screaming noise and a flurry
of snow and sparks that blew the fire across the dark hut; there was a brief
blurred vision and then the opposite wall was blasted aside and the
apparition vanished.
	There was a long silence.  Then a slightly shorter silence.  Then
the old shaman said carefully, "You didn't just see two men go through
upside down on a broomstick, shouting and screaming at each other, did you?"
	The boy looked at him levelly.  "Certainly not," he said.
	The old man heaved a sigh of relief.  "Thank goodness for that," he
said.  "Neither did I."
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
I was at this restaurant.  The sign said "Breakfast Anytime."  So I
ordered French Toast in the Rennaissance.
		-- Steven Wright
"...one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that,
lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of
their C programs."
-- Robert Firth
Do not worry about which side your bread is buttered on: you eat BOTH sides.
Your conscience never stops you from doing anything.  It just stops you
from enjoying it.
I find this corpse guilty of carrying a concealed weapon and I fine it $40.
		-- Judge Roy Bean, finding a pistol and $40 on a man he'd
		   just shot.
As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em,
We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
		-- Frederic Reynolds
Hat check girl:
	"Goodness!  What lovely diamonds!"
Mae West:
	"Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie."
		-- "Night After Night", 1932
In these matters the only certainty is that there is nothing certain.
		-- Pliny the Elder
"But this one goes to eleven."
-- Nigel Tufnel
RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_
Remember, an int is not always 16 bits.  I'm not sure, but if the 80386 is one
step closer to Intel's slugfest with the CPU curve that is aymptotically
approaching a real machine, perhaps an int has been implemented as 32 bits by
some Unix vendors...?
-- Derek Terveer
	n = ((n >>  1) & 0x55555555) | ((n <<  1) & 0xaaaaaaaa);
	n = ((n >>  2) & 0x33333333) | ((n <<  2) & 0xcccccccc);
	n = ((n >>  4) & 0x0f0f0f0f) | ((n <<  4) & 0xf0f0f0f0);
	n = ((n >>  8) & 0x00ff00ff) | ((n <<  8) & 0xff00ff00);
	n = ((n >> 16) & 0x0000ffff) | ((n << 16) & 0xffff0000);

		-- C code which reverses the bits in a word.
In 1962, you could buy a pair of SHARKSKIN SLACKS, with a "Continental
Belt," for $10.99!!
Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where,
it cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs.
		-- Fran Lebowitz
Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.
The cable TV sex channels don't expand our horizons, don't make us better
people, and don't come in clearly enough.
		-- Bill Maher
	Phases of a Project:
(1)	Exultation.
(2)	Disenchantment.
(3)	Confusion.
(4)	Search for the Guilty.
(5)	Punishment for the Innocent.
(6)	Distinction for the Uninvolved.
I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation,
indivisible,
with liberty
and justice for all.
		-- Francis Bellamy, 1892
Every love's the love before
In a duller dress.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Summary"
I'm having a BIG BANG THEORY!!
"You are old," said the youth, "and I'm told by my peers
	That your lectures bore people to death.
Yet you talk at one hundred conventions per year --
	Don't you think that you should save your breath?"

"I have answered three questions and that is enough,"
	Said his father, "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you downstairs!"
The men sat sipping their tea in silence.  After a while the klutz said,
	"Life is like a bowl of sour cream."
	"Like a bowl of sour cream?" asked the other.  "Why?"
	"How should I know?  What am I, a philosopher?"
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of 
interest is easy.
QOTD:
	"He eats like a bird... five times his own weight each day."
Words can never express what words can never express.
Has everybody got HALVAH spread all over their ANKLES?? ...  Now, it's
time to "HAVE A NAGEELA"!!
Vail's Second Axiom:
	The amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the
	amount of work already completed.
There's amnesia in a hangknot,
And comfort in the ax,
But the simple way of poison will make your nerves relax.
	There's surcease in a gunshot,
	And sleep that comes from racks,
	But a handy draft of poison avoids the harshest tax.
You find rest on the hot squat,
Or gas can give you pax,
But the closest corner chemist has peace in packaged stacks.
	There's refuge in the church lot
	When you tire of facing facts,
	And the smoothest route is poison prescribed by kindly quacks.
Chorus:	With an *ugh!* and a groan, and a kick of the heels,
	Death comes quiet, or it comes with squeals --
	But the pleasantest place to find your end
	Is a cup of cheer from the hand of a friend.
		-- Jubal Harshaw, "One For The Road"
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings
infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can
grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it
possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
		-- Rainer Rilke
I have a TINY BOWL in my HEAD
There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
		-- Paul Bourget
Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do;
don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you;
don't let nobody tell you what you got to do,
or you'll never know ... what's on the other side of the rainbow...
remember, if you don't follow your dreams,
you'll never know what's on the other side of the rainbow...
		-- melba moore, "the other side of the rainbow"
The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another
mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same
being who produces the impressions.
		-- Marquis D.A.F. de Sade
I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
		-- K. Coates
Congratulations!  You have purchased an extremely fine device that would
give you thousands of years of trouble-free service, except that you
undoubtably will destroy it via some typical bonehead consumer maneuver.
Which is why we ask you to PLEASE FOR GOD'S SAKE READ THIS OWNER'S MANUAL
CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU UNPACK THE DEVICE.  YOU ALREADY UNPACKED IT, DIDN'T
YOU?  YOU UNPACKED IT AND PLUGGED IT IN AND TURNED IT ON AND FIDDLED WITH
THE KNOBS, AND NOW YOUR CHILD, THE SAME CHILD WHO ONCE SHOVED A POLISH
SAUSAGE INTO YOUR VIDEOCASSETTE RECORDER AND SET IT ON "FAST FORWARD", THIS
CHILD ALSO IS FIDDLING WITH THE KNOBS, RIGHT?  AND YOU'RE JUST NOW STARTING
TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS, RIGHT???  WE MIGHT AS WELL JUST BREAK THESE
DEVICES RIGHT AT THE FACTORY BEFORE WE SHIP THEM OUT, YOU KNOW THAT?
		-- Dave Barry, "Read This First!"
FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed -- it is hardy, occasionally blooms,
and grows in every computer.
		-- A.J. Perlis
Comparing software engineering to classical engineering assumes that software
has the ability to wear out.  Software typically behaves, or it does not.  It
either works, or it does not.  Software generally does not degrade, abrade,
stretch, twist, or ablate.  To treat it as a physical entity, therefore, is
misapplication of our engineering skills.  Classical engineering deals with
the characteristics of hardware; software engineering should deal with the
characteristics of *software*, and not with hardware or management.
		-- Dan Klein
You may call me by my name, Wirth, or by my value, Worth.
- Nicklaus Wirth
Any man can work when every stroke of his hand brings down the fruit
rattling from the tree to the ground; but to labor in season and out of
season, under every discouragement, by the power of truth -- that
requires a heroism which is transcendent.
		-- Henry Ward Beecher
Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to school.
Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer.  It has
a 150 MHz processor, 200 megabytes of RAM, 1500 megabytes of disk
storage, a screen resolution of 4096 x 4096 pixels, relies entirely on
voice recognition for input, fits in your shirt pocket and costs $300.
What's the first question that the computer community asks?

"Is it PC compatible?"
	"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
	"NO! ... I mean Yes!  WHAT?"
	"I'll put `maybe.'"
		-- Bloom County
Maj. Bloodnok:	Seagoon, you're a coward!
Seagoon:	Only in the holiday season.
Maj. Bloodnok:	Ah, another Noel Coward!
Reporter, n.:
	A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a
	tempest of words.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Nothing makes a person more productive than the last minute.
>>> Internal error in fortune program:
>>>	fnum=2987  n=45  flag=1  goose_level=-232323
>>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.
To love is good, love being difficult.
"Never ascribe to malice that which is caused by greed and ignorance."
-- Cal Keegan
Near the Studio Jean Cocteau
On the Rue des Ecoles
lived an old man
with a blind dog
Every evening I would see him
guiding the dog along
the sidewalk, keeping
a firm grip on the leash
so that the dog wouldn't
run into a passerby
Sometimes the dog would stop
and look up at the sky
Once the old man
noticed me watching the dog
and he said, "Oh, yes,
this one knows
when the moon is out,
he can feel it on his face"
		-- Barry Gifford
SEMPER UBI SUB UBI!!!!
A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call
what he writes fiction.
		-- William Faulkner
If you want to see card tricks, you have to expect to take cards.
		-- Harry Blackstone
We're fighting against humanism, we're fighting against liberalism...
we are fighting against all the systems of Satan that are destroying
our nation today...our battle is with Satan himself.
- Jerry Falwell
Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start
with a large fortune.
What they said:
	What they meant:

"I recommend this candidate with no qualifications whatsoever."
	(Yes, that about sums it up.)
"The amount of mathematics she knows will surprise you."
	(And I recommend not giving that school a dime...)
"I simply can't say enough good things about him."
	(What a screw-up.)
"I am pleased to say that this candidate is a former colleague of mine."
	(I can't tell you how happy I am that she left our firm.)
"When this person left our employ, we were quite hopeful he would go
a long way with his skills."
	(We hoped he'd go as far as possible.)
"You won't find many people like her."
	(In fact, most people can't stand being around her.)
"I cannot reccommend him too highly."
	(However, to the best of my knowledge, he has never committed a
	 felony in my presence.)
Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill them.
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
drug, n:
	A substance that, injected into a rat, produces a scientific paper.
The sight of death frightens them [Earthers].
		-- Kras the Klingon, "Friday's Child", stardate 3497.2
A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to
you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to
you about yourself.
		-- Lisa Kirk
Savage's Law of Expediency:
	You want it bad, you'll get it bad.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Q:  What's the difference between a car salesman and a computer
    salesman?

A:  The car salesman can probably drive!

-- Joan McGalliard (jem@latcs1.oz.au)
"I'm growing older, but not up."
-- Jimmy Buffett
	To lose weight, eat less; to gain weight, eat more; if you merely
wish to maintain, do whatever you were doing.
	The Bronx diet is a legitimate system of food therapy showing that
food SHOULD be used a crutch and which food could be the most effective in
promoting spiritual and emotional satisfaction.  For the first time, an
eater could instantly grasp the connection between relieving depression and
Mallomars, and understand why a lover's quarrel isn't so bad if there's a
pint of ice cream nearby.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"
Oh my GOD -- the SUN just fell into YANKEE STADIUM!!
You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.
The USA is so enormous, and so numerous are its schools, colleges and religious
seminaries, many devoted to special religious beliefs ranging from the
unorthodox to the dotty, that we can hardly wonder at its yielding a more
bounteous harvest of gobbledegook than the rest of the world put together.
		-- Sir Peter Medawar
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to
see it tried on him personally.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
		-- Cornelia Otis Skinner
Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song,
A medley of extemporanea;
And love is thing that can never go wrong;
And I am Marie of Roumania.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Comment"
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
		-- Albert Einstein
FORTH IF HONK THEN
"Our reruns are better than theirs."
-- Nick at Nite
Peace, n.:
	In international affairs, a period of cheating between two
	periods of fighting.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Any dramatic series the producers want us to take seriously as a representation
of contemporary reality cannot be taken seriously as a representation of
anything -- except a show to be ignored by anyone capable of sitting upright
in a chair and chewing gum simultaneously.
		-- Richard Schickel
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his
mouth.
The man who understands one woman is qualified to understand pretty well
everything.
		-- Yeats
Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
		-- Crow T. Robot
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
-- Marvin the paranoid android
Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
		-- Frank Tyger
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
"Never laugh at live dragons, Bilbo you fool!" he said to himself, and it became
a favourite saying of his later, and passed into a proverb. "You aren't nearly
through this adventure yet," he added, and that was pretty true as well.
-- Bilbo Baggins, "The Hobbit" by J.R.R. Tolkien, Chapter XII
Woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer,
Yeah, Ah woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer
The future's uncertain and the end is always near.
		-- Jim Morrison, "Roadhouse Blues"
But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!
QOTD:
	"The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt."
Clarke's Conclusion:
	Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.
She sells cshs by the cshore.
The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.

Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."
	*** System shutdown message from root ***

System going down in 60 seconds


Most Texans think Hanukkah is some sort of duck call.
		-- Richard Lewis
Anoint, v.:
	To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently
	slippery.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.  Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
Shick's Law:
	There is no problem a good miracle can't solve.
As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?
brain-damaged, generalization of "Honeywell Brain Damage" (HBD), a
theoretical disease invented to explain certain utter cretinisms in
Multics, adj:
	Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented.  There is an implication
	that the person responsible must have suffered brain damage,
	because he/she should have known better.  Calling something
	brain-damaged is bad; it also implies it is unusable.
The world really isn't any worse.  It's just that the news coverage
is so much better.
"Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes."
Landru! Guide us!
		-- A Beta 3-oid, "The Return of the Archons", stardate 3157.4
If someone says he will do something "without fail", he won't.
The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.  The goal of nature
is to build better mice.
Bagbiter:
	1. n.; Equipment or program that fails, usually intermittently.  2.
adj.: Failing hardware or software.  "This bagbiting system won't let me get
out of spacewar." Usage: verges on obscenity.  Grammatically separable; one
may speak of "biting the bag".  Synonyms: LOSER, LOSING, CRETINOUS,
BLETCHEROUS, BARFUCIOUS, CHOMPER, CHOMPING.
186,000 Miles per Second.  It's not just a good idea.  IT'S THE LAW.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37:

Q:  Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A:  No.
Q:  What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A:  Picking them up in the air.
Q:  Where was the dog at this time?
A:  Attached to the ears.
I hope you're not pretending to be evil while secretly being good.
That would be dishonest.
Anxious after the delay, Gruber doesn't waste any time getting the Koenig
[a modified Porsche] up to speed, and almost immediately we are blowing off
Alfas, Fiats, and Lancias full of excited Italians.  These people love fast
cars.  But they love sport too and no passing encounter goes unchallenged.
Nothing serious, just two wheels into your lane as you're bearing down on
them at 130-plus -- to see if you're paying attention.
		-- Road & Track article about driving two absurdly fast
		   cars across Europe.
This fortune intentionally says nothing.
Quigley's Law:
	Whoever has any authority over you, no matter how small, will
	atttempt to use it.
Concept, n.:
	Any "idea" for which an outside consultant billed you more than
	$25,000.
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
		-- Bob Hope
A sinking ship gathers no moss.
		-- Donald Kaul
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
The only happiness lies in reason; all the rest of the world is dismal.
The highest reason, however, I see in the work of the artist, and he may
experience it as such.  Happiness lies in the swiftness of feeling and
thinking: all the rest of the world is slow, gradual and stupid.  Whoever
could feel the course of a light ray would be very happy, for it is very
swift.  Thinking of oneself gives little happiness.  If, however, one feels
much happiness in this, it is because at bottom one is not thinking of
oneself but of one's ideal.  This is far, and only the swift shall reach
it and are delighted.
		-- Nietzsche
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar
"It's ten o'clock... Do you know where your AI programs are?"  -- Peter Oakley
It shall be unlawful for any suspicious person to be within the municipality.
		-- Local ordinance, Euclid Ohio
Too often people have come to me and said, "If I had just one wish for
anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations
in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software."
		-- Instrument News
		[Once is too often.  Ed.]
Dear Miss Manners:
	My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's
elbows on the table.  However, I have read that one elbow, in between
courses, is all right.  Which is correct?

Gentle Reader:
	For the purpose of answering examinations in your home economics
class, your teacher is correct.  Catching on to this principle of
education may be of even greater importance to you now than learning
correct current table manners, vital as Miss Manners believes that is.
Nobody really knows what happiness is, until they're married.
And then it's too late.
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
		-- Yogi Berra
	It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and
by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate
the habit of thinking about what we are doing.  The precise opposite is the
case.  Civilization advances by extending the numbers of important operations
which we can perform without thinking about them.  Operations of thought are
like cavalry charges in battle -- they are strictly limited in number, they
require fresh horses, and must only be made at decisive moments.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead
Life's too short to dance with ugly women.
Without love intelligence is dangerous;
without intelligence love is not enough.
		-- Ashley Montagu
A lot of the stuff I do is so minimal, and it's designed to be minimal.
The smallness of it is what's attractive.  It's weird, 'cause it's so
intellectually lame.  It's hard to see me doing that for the rest of
my life.  But at the same time, it's what I do best.
- Chris Elliot, writer and performer on "Late Night with David Letterman"
I'd never cry if I did find
	A blue whale in my soup...
Nor would I mind a porcupine
	Inside a chicken coop.
Yes life is fine when things combine,	
	Like ham in beef chow mein...
But lord, this time I think I mind,
	They've put acid in my rain.
		      --- Milo Bloom
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and
art into pedantry.  Hence University education.
		-- G. B. Shaw
"I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour!  This is what
entertainment is all about ... Idiots, explosives and falling anvils."
		-- Calvin and Hobbes, Bill Watterson
Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat.
		-- Bill Musselman
Occam's eraser:
	The philosophical principle that even the simplest
	solution is bound to have something wrong with it.
On ability:
	A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top;
	a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, 4BC - 65AD
Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
		-- P.J. Denning
It's OKAY -- I'm an INTELLECTUAL, too.
	*** System shutdown message from root ***

System going down in 60 seconds


"Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work."
I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd
listen to it!
		-- Tom Galloway with apologies to Voltaire
He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for
the human condition is a fool.
		-- Albert Camus
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
		-- "Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
		-- George Gobel
I see a good deal of talk from Washington about lowering taxes.  I hope
they do get 'em lowered down enough so people can afford to pay 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
Everything that can be invented has been invented.
		-- Charles Duell, Director of U.S. Patent Office, 1899
The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.
In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.  This is called Monotony.
Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Rape of Lucrece"
The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
		-- Andre Malraux
Here I am in 53 B.C. and all I want is a dill pickle!!
Quack!
	Quack!! Quack!!
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
regarded as a criminal offence.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Some men are heterosexual, and some are bisexual, and some men don't think
about sex at all... they become lawyers.
		-- Woody Allen
There's nothing very mysterious about you, except that
nobody really knows your origin, purpose, or destination.
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
Quick, sing me the BUDAPEST NATIONAL ANTHEM!!
Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan
The Moral Majority is neither.
... [concerning quotation marks] even if we *___did* quote anybody in this
business, it probably would be gibberish.
		-- Thom McLeod
A good scapegoat is hard to find.
A guilty conscience is the mother of invention.
		-- Carolyn Wells
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis
Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."
Penguin Trivia #46:
	Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82
Sleep -- the most beautiful experience in life -- except drink.
		-- W.C. Fields
FACILITY REJECTED 100044200000;
True happiness will be found only in true love.
Humans are communications junkies.  We just can't get enough.
		-- Alan Kay
The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip objects
into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air due to
levitation.

Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur if the 
character does not have fire resistance.

- README file from the NetHack game
SEMPER UBI SUB UBI!!!!
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of
paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
"The great question... which I have not been able to answer... is, `What does 
woman want?'"
-- Sigmund Freud
"Your attitude determines your attitude."
-- Zig Ziglar, self-improvement doofus
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to
you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to
you about yourself.
		-- Lisa Kirk
The road to hell is paved with NAND gates.
		-- J. Gooding
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
- Voltaire
We must believe that it is the darkest before the dawn of a beautiful
new world.  We will see it when we believe it.
		-- Saul Alinsky
Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.
[District Attorneys] learn in District Attorney School that there are
two sure-fire ways to get a lot of favorable publicity:

(1) Go down and raid all the lockers in the local high school and
    confiscate 53 marijuana cigarettes and put them in a pile and hold
    a press conference where you announce that they have a street value
    of $850 million.  These raids never fail, because ALL high schools,
    including brand-new, never-used ones, have at least 53 marijuana
    cigarettes in the lockers.  As far as anyone can tell, the locker
    factory puts them there.
(2) Raid an "adult book store" and hold a press conference where you
    announce you are charging the owner with 850 counts of being a
    piece of human sleaze.  This also never fails, because you always
    get a conviction.  A juror at a pornography trial is not about to
    state for the record that he finds nothing obscene about a movie
    where actors engage in sexual activities with live snakes and a
    fire extinguisher.  He is going to convict the bookstore owner, and
    vote for the death penalty just to make sure nobody gets the wrong
    impression.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"
Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.
Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom.  The first is being a bore.
		-- Cecil Beaton
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
	Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime.
	The first student to try to do this was a math student.  "Hmmm...
Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all
the odd integers are prime."
	The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, "I'm not
sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by
experiment."  He continues, "Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is
prime, 9 is...  uh, 9 is... uh, 9 is an experimental error, 11 is prime, 13
is prime...  Well, it seems that you're right."
	The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded,
"Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either.  Let's
see...  1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is... uh, 9 is...
well, if you approximate, 9 is prime, 11 is prime, 13 is prime...  Well, it
does seem right."
	Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says
"Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long!
I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it."  He goes over to
his terminal and runs his program.  Reading the output on the screen he says,
"1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime..."
Dorothy:	But how can you talk without a brain?
Scarecrow:	Well, I don't know... but some people without brains
		do an awful lot of talking.
		-- The Wizard of Oz
The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
Chef, n.:
	Any cook who swears in French.
Santa Claus is watching!
	"Yes, let's consider," said Bruno, putting his thumb into his
mouth again, and sitting down upon a dead mouse.
	"What do you keep that mouse for?" I said.  "You should either
bury it or else throw it into the brook."
	"Why, it's to measure with!" cried Bruno.  "How ever would you
do a garden without one?  We make each bed three mouses and a half
long, and two mouses wide."
	I stopped him as he was dragging it off by the tail to show me
how it was used...
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Sylvie and Bruno"
When my fist clenches crack it open,
Before I use it and lose my cool.
When I smile tell me some bad news,
Before I laugh and act like a fool.

And if I swallow anything evil,
Put you finger down my throat.
And if I shiver please give me a blanket,
Keep me warm let me wear your coat

No one knows what it's like to be the bad man,
	to be the sad man.
Behind blue eyes.
No one knows what its like to be hated,
	to be fated,
To telling only lies.
			-- The Who
	A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three
days old.  He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.
God is really only another artist.  He invented the giraffe, the elephant
and the cat.  He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
		-- Pablo Picasso
Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Are you sure you're telling the truth?  Think hard.
	Does it make you happy to know you're sending me to an early grave?
	If all your friends jumped off the cliff, would you jump too?
	Do you feel bad?  How do you think I feel?
	Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
	Don't you know any better?
	How could you be so stupid?
	If that's the worst pain you'll ever feel, you should be thankful.
	You can't fool me.  I know what you're thinking.
	If you can't say anything nice, say nothing at all.
Love your enemies: they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
Nobody takes a bribe.  Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out
your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's
different.
		-- New York City Police Commissioner (Ret.) William P.
		   O'Brien, instructions to the force.
	"Beauty is transitory."
	"Beauty survives."
		-- Spock and Kirk, "That Which Survives", stardate unknown
The more complex the mind, the greater the need for the simplicity of play.
		-- Kirk, "Shore Leave", stardate 3025.8
Documentation:
	Instructions translated from Swedish by Japanese for English
	speaking persons.
Children seldom misquote you.  In fact, they usually repeat word for
word what you shouldn't have said.
FEELINGS are cascading over me!!!
If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
		-- Louis Armstrong
Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.
Delta: We never make the same mistake three times.   -- David Letterman
Boy, get your head out of the stars above,
You get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
To get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
And get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
		-- Mac Macinelli, "Minimum Love"
share, n.:
	To give in, endure humiliation.
I'm glad we don't have to play in the shade.
		-- Golfer Bobby Jones on being told that it was 105 degrees
		   in the shade.
I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.
It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...
Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt of all the others, and then
do what's best.
		-- Lovers and Other Strangers
Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgement.
So this is what it feels like to be potato salad
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
		-- Billy Sunday
They collapsed ... like nuns in the street ... they had no teen
appeal!
If only you knew she loved you, you could face the uncertainty of
whether you love her.
ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.
It's bad enough that life is a rat-race, but why do the rats always have to win?
Like, if I'm not for me, then fer shure, like who will be?  And if, y'know,
if I'm not like fer anyone else, then hey, I mean, what am I?  And if not
now, like I dunno, maybe like when?  And if not Who, then I dunno, maybe
like the Rolling Stones?
		-- Rich Rosen (Rabbi Valiel's paraphrase of famous quote
		   attributed to Rabbi Hillel.)
If only Dionysus were alive!  Where would he eat?
		-- Woody Allen
Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
		-- Joe Cointment
You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
		-- Eugene Ionesco
Senate, n.:
	A body of elderly gentlemen charged with high duties and misdemeanors.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The
Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
		-- Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901.
This "brain-damaged" epithet is getting sorely overworked.  When we can
speak of someone or something being flawed, impaired, marred, spoiled;
batty, bedlamite, bonkers, buggy, cracked, crazed, cuckoo, daft, demented,
deranged, loco, lunatic, mad, maniac, mindless, non compos mentis, nuts,
Reaganite, screwy, teched, unbalanced, unsound, witless, wrong;  senseless,
spastic, spasmodic, convulsive; doped, spaced-out, stoned, zonked;  {beef,
beetle,block,dung,thick}headed, dense, doltish, dull, duncical, numskulled,
pinhead;  asinine, fatuous, foolish, silly, simple;  brute, lumbering, oafish;
half-assed, incompetent; backward, retarded, imbecilic, moronic; when we have
a whole precisely nuanced vocabulary of intellectual abuse to draw upon,
individually and in combination, isn't it a little <fill in the blank> to be
limited to a single, now quite trite, adjective?
How come we never talk anymore?
Keep in mind always the four constant Laws of Frisbee:
	(1) The most powerful force in the world is that of a disc
	   straining to land under a car, just out of reach (this
	   force is technically termed "car suck").
	(2) Never precede any maneuver by a comment more predictive
	   than "Watch this!"
	(3) The probability of a Frisbee hitting something is directly
	   proportional to the cost of hitting it.  For instance, a
	   Frisbee will always head directly towards a policeman or
	   a little old lady rather than the beat up Chevy.
	(4) Your best throw happens when no one is watching; when the
	   cute girl you've been trying to impress is watching, the
	   Frisbee will invariably bounce out of your hand or hit you
	   in the head and knock you silly.
	"The pyramid is opening!"
	"Which one?"
	"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
		-- Firesign Theater, "How Can You Be In Two Places At
		   Once When You're Not Anywhere At All"
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
		-- George Santayana
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of
relatives on the train for home.
What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!
Putt's Law:
	Technology is dominated by two types of people:
		Those who understand what they do not manage.
		Those who manage what they do not understand.
Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
	"Of course."
	"Have you ever seen me before?"
	"Never."
	"Then how do you know it was me?"
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:   Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that swallowed the canary.
Norm:  And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2
Katz' Law:
	Men and nations will act rationally when
	all other possibilities have been exhausted.

History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have
exhausted all other alternatives.
		-- Abba Eban
God isn't dead.  He just doesn't want to get involved.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.
"Live or die, I'll make a million."
-- Reebus Kneebus, before his jump to the center of the earth, Firesign Theater
I'm continually AMAZED at th'breathtaking effects of WIND EROSION!!
	"You say there are two types of people?"
	"Yes, those who separate people into two groups and those that don't."
	"Wrong.  There are three groups:
		Those who separate people into three groups.
		Those who don't separate people into groups.
		Those who can't decide."
	"Wait a minute, what about people who separate people into two groups?"
	"Oh.  Okay, then there are four groups."
	"Aren't you then separating people into four groups?"
	"Yeah."
	"So then there's a fifth group, right?"
	"You know, the problem is these idiots who can't make up their minds."
As some day it may happen that a victim must be found
I've got a little list -- I've got a little list
Of society offenders who might well be underground
And who never would be missed -- who never would be missed.
		-- Koko, "The Mikado"
Humor in the Court:
Q.  And who is this person you are speaking of?
A.  My ex-widow said it.
Vegetables are what food eats.
Fruit are vegetables that fool you by tasting good.
Fish are fast moving vegetables.
Mushrooms are what grows on vegetables when food's done with them.
		-- Meat Eater's Credo, according to Jim Williams
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #4
A:	Go west, young man, go west!
Q:	What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is just next to you.
All seems condemned in the long run to approximate a state akin to
Gaussian noise.
		-- James Martin
Never use "etc." -- it makes people think there is more where there is not
or that there is not space to list it all, etc.
But Captain -- the engines can't take this much longer!
	n = ((n >>  1) & 0x55555555) | ((n <<  1) & 0xaaaaaaaa);
	n = ((n >>  2) & 0x33333333) | ((n <<  2) & 0xcccccccc);
	n = ((n >>  4) & 0x0f0f0f0f) | ((n <<  4) & 0xf0f0f0f0);
	n = ((n >>  8) & 0x00ff00ff) | ((n <<  8) & 0xff00ff00);
	n = ((n >> 16) & 0x0000ffff) | ((n << 16) & 0xffff0000);

		-- C code which reverses the bits in a word.
She can kill all your files;
She can freeze with a frown.
And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down.
And she works on her code until ten after three.
She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
		-- Apologies to Billy Joel
Baby On Board.
Dealing with the problem of pure staff accumulation,
all our researches ... point to an average increase of 5.75% per year.
		-- C.N. Parkinson
A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.
No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker
The sight of death frightens them [Earthers].
		-- Kras the Klingon, "Friday's Child", stardate 3497.2
We tried to close Ohio's borders and ran into a Constitutional problem.
There's a provision in the Constitution that says you can't close your
borders to interstate commerce, and garbage is a form of interstate commerce.
		-- Ohio Lt. Governor Paul Leonard
Yawd [noun, Bostonese]:  the campus of Have Id.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"
Mike's Law:
For a lumber company employing two men and a cut-off saw, the
marginal product of labor for any number of additional workers
equals zero until the acquisition of another cut-off saw.
Let's not even consider a chainsaw.
- Mike Dennison
[You could always schedule the saw, though - ed.]
	Leslie West heads for the sticks, to Providence, Rhode Island and
tries to hide behind a beard.  No good.  There are still too many people
and too many stares, always taunting, always smirking.  He moves to the
outskirts of town. He finds a place to live -- huge mansion, dirt cheap,
caretaker included.  He plugs in his guitar and plays as loud as he wants,
day and night, and there's no one to laugh or boo or even look bored.
	Nobody's cut the grass in months.  What's happened to that caretaker?
What neighborhood people there are start to talk, and what kids there are
start to get curious.  A 13 year-old blond with an angelic face misses supper.
Before the summer's end, four more teenagers have disappeared.  The senior
class president, Barnard-bound come autumn, tells Mom she's going out to a
movie one night and stays out.  The town's up in arms, but just before the
police take action, the kids turn up.  They've found a purpose.  They go
home for their stuff and tell the folks not to worry but they'll be going
now.  They're in a band.
		-- Ira Kaplan
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #17

	"This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath,
	May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet."
	Juliet, this bud's for you.
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
Menu, n.:
	A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of.
That does not compute.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until they're changed or
help speed the change by breaking them?
I don't mind arguing with myself.  It's when I lose that it bothers me.
		-- Richard Powers
Despising machines to a man,
The Luddites joined up with the Klan,
	And ride out by night
	In a sheeting of white
To lynch all the robots they can.
		-- C. M. and G. A. Maxson
Your love life will be... interesting.
Eleventh Law of Acoustics:
	In a minimum-phase system there is an inextricable link between
	frequency response, phase response and transient response, as they
	are all merely transforms of one another.  This combined with
	minimalization of open-loop errors in output amplifiers and correct
	compensation for non-linear passive crossover network loading can
	lead to a significant decrease in system resolution lost.  However,
	of course, this all means jack when you listen to Pink Floyd.
Weiler's Law:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I will always love the false image I had of you.
Snow White has become a camera buff.  She spends hours and hours
shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics.  Then she
mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service.  It takes weeks
for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right
with Snow White.  She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps
the floor, all the while singing "Someday my prints will come."
	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.
Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are.
If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.
		-- Lewis Carroll
A comment on schedules:
 Ok, how long will it take?    
   For each manager involved in initial meetings add one month.
   For each manager who says "data flow analysis" add another month.
   For each unique end-user type add one month.
   For each unknown software package to be employed add two months.
   For each unknown hardware device add two months.
   For each 100 miles between developer and installation add one month.
   For each type of communication channel add one month.
   If an IBM mainframe shop is involved and you are working on a non-IBM
      system add 6 months.
   If an IBM mainframe shop is involved and you are working on an IBM
      system add 9 months.
Round up to the nearest half-year.
--Brad Sherman
By the way, ALL software projects are done by iterative prototyping.
Some companies call their prototypes "releases", that's all.
BAD CRAZINESS, MAN!!!
	*** A NEW KIND OF PROGRAMMING ***

Do you want the instant respect that comes from being able to use technical
terms that nobody understands?  Do you want to strike fear and loathing into
the hearts of DP managers everywhere?  If so, then let the Famous Programmers'
School lead you on... into the world of professional computer programming.
They say a good programmer can write 20 lines of effective program per day.
With our unique training course, we'll show you how to write 20 lines of code
and lots more besides.  Our training course covers every programming language
in existence, and some that aren't.  You'll learn why the on/off switch for a
computer is so important, what the words *fatal error* mean, and who and what
you should blame when you make a mistake.

	Yes, I want the brochure describing this incredible offer.
	I enclose $1000 is small unmarked bills to cover the cost of
	postage and handling. (No live poultry, please.)

*** Our Slogan:  Top down programming for the masses. ***
Finagle's Eighth Law:
	If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.

Finagle's Ninth Law:
	No matter what results are expected, someone is always willing to
	fake it.

Finagle's Tenth Law:
	No matter what the result someone is always eager to misinterpret it.

Finagle's Eleventh Law:
	No matter what occurs, someone believes it happened according to
	his pet theory.
There is only one way to kill capitalism -- by taxes, taxes, and more taxes.
		-- Karl Marx
>Ever heard of .cshrc?
That's a city in Bosnia.  Right?
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands.)
telepression, n.:
	The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not try
	hard enough to look up the number on your own and instead put the
	burden on the directory assistant.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war,
As well as by traffic and crime,
Consider how worry-free gophers are,
Though living on burrowed time.
	-- Richard Armour, WSJ, 11/7/83
When all else fails, try Kate Smith.
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
Wear me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong
as death, passion cruel as the grave; it blazes up like blazing fire, fiercer
than any flame.
[Song of Solomon 8:6 (NEB)]
Gibble, Gobble, we ACCEPT YOU ...
It is now pitch dark.  If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.
	If you do your best the rest of the way, that takes care of
everything. When we get to October 2, we'll add up the wins, and then
we'll either all go into the playoffs, or we'll all go home and play golf.
	Both those things sound pretty good to me.
		-- Sparky Anderson
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
		-- Groucho Marx
Also, the Scots are said to have invented golf.  Then they had
to invent Scotch whiskey to take away the pain and frustration.
try again
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate the difference between one
young woman and another.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "Major Barbara"
Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!
Help!  I'm trapped in a PDP 11/70!
I haven't been married in over six years, but we had sexual counseling
every day from Oral Roberts!!
A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets
people's attention.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
This is the Baron.  Angel Martin tells me you buy information.  Ok,
meet me at one a.m. behind the bus depot, bring five-hundred dollars
and come alone.  I'm serious!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
... The book is worth attention for only two reasons:  (1) it attacks
attempts to expose sham paranormal studies; and (2) it is very well and
plausibly written and so rather harder to dismiss or refute by simple
jeering.
- Harry Eagar, reviewing "Beyond the Quantum" by Michael Talbot,
   The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, ppg. 200-201
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it
every six months.
		-- Oscar Wilde
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard
You should never bet against anything in science at odds of more than
about 10^12 to 1.
		-- Ernest Rutherford
"Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends."
--Woody Allen
Manly's Maxim:
	Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion
	with confidence.
I took a fish head to the movies and I didn't have to pay.
-- Fish Heads, Saturday Night Live, 1977.
The rhino is a homely beast,
For human eyes he's not a feast.
Farewell, farewell, you old rhinoceros,
I'll stare at something less prepoceros.
		-- Ogden Nash
No two persons ever read the same book.
		-- Edmund Wilson
We have not inherited the earth from our parents, we've borrowed it from
our children.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
Men are those creatures with two legs and eight hands.
		-- Jayne Mansfield
The beauty of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.
Vegetables are what food eats.
Fruit are vegetables that fool you by tasting good.
Fish are fast moving vegetables.
Mushrooms are what grows on vegetables when food's done with them.
		-- Meat Eater's Credo, according to Jim Williams
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's up?
Norm:  The warranty on my liver.
		-- Cheers, Breaking In Is Hard to Do

Sam:  What can I do for you, Norm?
Norm: Open up those beer taps and, oh, take the day off, Sam.
		-- Cheers, Veggie-Boyd

Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Another layer for the winter, Wood.
		-- Cheers, It's a Wonderful Wife
The main thing is the play itself.  I swear that greed for money has nothing
to do with it, although heaven knows I am sorely in need of money.
- Feodor Dostoyevsky
Secretary's Revenge:
	Filing almost everything under "the".
Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.
When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.  By the time I was
20, he had made great improvement.
Computers are not intelligent.  They only think they are.
It is a well known fact that warriors and wizards do not get along, because
one side considers the other side to be a collection of bloodthirsty idiots
who can't walk and think at the same time, while the other side is naturally
suspicious of a body of men who mumble a lot and wear long dresses.  Oh, say
the wizards, if we're going to be like that, then, what about all those
studded collars and oiled muscles down at the Young Men's Pagan Association?
To which the heroes reply, that's a pretty good allegation from a bunch of
wimpsoes who won't go near a woman on account, can you believe it, of their
mystical power being sort of drained out.  Right, say the wizards, that just
about does it, you and your leather posing pouches.  Oh yeah, say the the
heroes, why don't you ...
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic table.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
Lots of folks are forced to skimp to support a government that won't.
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
Bit off more than my mind could chew,
Shower or suicide, what do I do?
		-- Julie Brown, "Will I Make it Through the Eighties?"
I can feel for her because, although I have never been an Alaskan prostitute
dancing on the bar in a spangled dress, I still get very bored with washing
and ironing and dishwashing and cooking day after relentless day.
		-- Betty MacDonald
Genius is pain.
		-- John Lennon
Arbitrary systems, pl.n.:
	Systems about which nothing general can be said, save "nothing
	general can be said."
Q:	What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
A:	You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.
"My father?  My father left when I was quite young.  Well actually, he
 was asked to leave.  He had trouble metabolizing alcohol."
 -- George Carlin
This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.
When you are young, you enjoy a sustained illusion that sooner or later
something marvelous is going to happen, that you are going to transcend
your parents' limitations...  At the same time, you feel sure that in all
the wilderness of possibility; in all the forests of opinion, there is a
vital something that can be known -- known and grasped.  That we will
eventually know it, and convert the whole mystery into a coherent
narrative.  So that then one's true life -- the point of everything --
will emerge from the mist into a pure light, into total comprehension.
But it isn't like that at all.  But if it isn't, where did the idea come
from, to torture and unsettle us?
		-- Brian Aldiss, "Helliconia Summer"
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the
places they do today.
		-- Will Rogers
Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.
Progress means replacing a theory that is wrong with one more subtly wrong.
A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
		-- D. Gries
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity
for him.  All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "Minority Report"
Zero Mostel: That's it baby!  When you got it, flaunt it!  Flaunt it!
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Producers"
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed
ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald
Behind every great man, there is a woman -- urging him on.
		-- Harry Mudd, "I, Mudd", stardate 4513.3
You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes
you wore home from the party and there aren't any.
It must have been some unmarried fool that said "A child can ask questions
that a wise man cannot answer"; because, in any decent house, a brat that
starts asking questions is promptly packed off to bed.
		-- Arthur Binstead
The street preacher looked so baffled
When I asked him why he dressed
With forty pounds of headlines 
Stapled to his chest.
But he cursed me when I proved to him
I said, "Not even you can hide.
You see, you're just like me.
I hope you're satisfied."
		-- Bob Dylan
Forgive him, for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws
of nature!
		-- G.B. Shaw
The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.
The government has just completed work on a missile that turned out to be a
bit of a boondoggle; nicknamed "Civil Servant", it won't work and they can't
fire it.
Dinner suggestion #302 (Hacker's De-lite):
	1 tin imported Brisling sardines in tomato sauce
	1 pouch Chocolate Malt Carnation Instant Breakfast
	1 carton milk
"Mr. Spock succumbs to a powerful mating urge and nearly kills Captain Kirk."
-- TV Guide, describing the Star Trek episode _Amok_Time_
Murphy's Law of Research:
	Enough research will tend to support your theory.
The Great Movie Posters:

She's got the biggest six-shooters in the West!
		-- The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend (1949)

CAST OF 3,000!
4 WRITERS,
2 DIRECTORS,
3 CAMERAMEN,
3 PRODUCERS!
1 YEAR TO MAKE THIS FILM --
24 YEARS TO REHEARSE --
20 YEARS TO DISTRIBUTE!
	BEAUTIFUL BEYOND WORDS!
	AWE-INSPIRING! VITAL!
THE PRINCE OF PEACE PROVIDES THE ANSWER TO EVERY PROBLEM!
Be Brave--bring your troubles and your family to:
	HISTORY'S MOST SUBLIME EVENT! YOU'LL FIND GOD RIGHT IN THERE!
		-- The Prince of Peace (1948).  Starring members of the
		   Wichita Mountain Pageant featuring Millard Coody as Jesus.
Rule #1:
	The Boss is always right.

Rule #2:
	If the Boss is wrong, see Rule #1.
Mr. Cole's Axiom:
	The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant;
	the population is growing.
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis
		What I Did During My Fall Semester
On the first day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the second day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the third day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
I found a thesis topic:
	How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
		-- Sister Mary Elephant, "Student Statement for Black Friday"
"If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem."
		-- C. Durance, Computer Science 234
O'Toole's commentary on Murphy's Law:
	Murphy was an optimist.
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Verba volant, scripta manent!
Briefly stated, the findings are that when presented with an array of
data or a sequence of events in which they are instructed to discover
an underlying order, subjects show strong tendencies to perceive order
and causality in random arrays, to perceive a pattern or correlation
which seems a priori intuitively correct even when the actual correlation
in the data is counterintuitive, to jump to conclusions about the correct
hypothesis, to seek and to use only positive or confirmatory evidence, to
construe evidence liberally as confirmatory, to fail to generate or to
assess alternative hypotheses, and having thus managed to expose themselves
only to confirmatory instances, to be fallaciously confident of the validity
of their judgments (Jahoda, 1969; Einhorn and Hogarth, 1978).  In the
analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to
appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
		-- A. Benjamin
Dammit Jim, I'm an actor, not a doctor.
The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an
"airplane-seat" metaphor.  Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers
while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference --
one can see only a very few things at once.
		-- Fred Brooks
Il brilgue: les t^oves libricilleux
	Se gyrent et frillant dans le guave,
Enm^im'es sont les gougebosquex,
	Et le m^omerade horgrave.

Es brilig war.  Die schlichte Toven
	Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben;
Und aller-mumsige Burggoven
	Dir mohmen Rath ausgraben.
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Through the Looking Glass"
Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.
It's fabulous!  We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
		-- Macy's
I'm a GENIUS!  I want to dispute sentence structure with SUSAN SONTAG!!
"Summit meetings tend to be like panda matings.	 The expectations are always 
high, and the results usually disappointing."
-- Robert Orben
The trouble with you
Is the trouble with me.
Got two good eyes
But we still don't see.
		-- Robert Hunter, "Workingman's Dead"
Power is poison.
Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.
It got to the point where I had to get a haircut or both feet firmly
planted in the air.
No evil can happen to a good man.
		-- Plato
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis
Why not? -- What? -- Why not? -- Why should I not send it? -- Why should I
not dispatch it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I don't know why I shouldn't --
Well, then -- You will do me this favor. -- Why not? -- Why should you not
do it? -- Why not? -- Strange!  I shall do the same for you, when you want
me to.  Why not?  Why should I not do it for you?  Strange!  Why not? --
I can't think why not.
		-- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, from a letter to his cousin Maria,
		   "The Definitive Biography of PDQ Bach", Peter Schickele
The real problem with hunting elephants is carrying the decoys.
There are no great men, buster.  There are only men.
		-- Elaine Stewart, "The Bad and the Beautiful"
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
		-- Young
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without
getting nervous.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas la guerre!
	[It is magnificent, but it is not war]
		-- Pierre Bosquet, witnessing the charge of the Light Brigade
	"Evil does seek to maintain power by suppressing the truth."
	"Or by misleading the innocent."
		-- Spock and McCoy, "And The Children Shall Lead",
		   stardate 5029.5.
Remember, in 2039, MOUSSE & PASTA will be available ONLY by prescription!!
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to
stick to one thing till it gets there.
		-- Josh Billings
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided
by the number of people in the group.
Garbage In -- Gospel Out.
A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague 
assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents 
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of 
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
		-- IEEE Grid newsmagazine
The ultimate game show will be the one where somebody gets killed at the end.
		-- Chuck Barris, creator of "The Gong Show"
Be wary of strong drink.  It can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.
	A novice asked the master: "In the east there is a great tree-structure
that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'.  It is bloated out of shape with
vice-presidents and accountants.  It issues a multitude of memos, each saying
'Go, Hence!' or 'Go, Hither!' and nobody knows what is meant.  Every year new
names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail.  How can such an
unnatural entity exist?"
	The master replies: "You perceive this immense structure and are
disturbed that it has no rational purpose.  Can you not take amusement from
its endless gyrations?  Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming
beneath its sheltering branches?  Why are you bothered by its uselessness?"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
One doesn't have a sense of humor.  It has you.
		-- Larry Gelbart
A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods while
the policeman searches you.
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.
		-- actress Mary Pickford, 1925
Woman on Street:	Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk.
Winston Churchill:	Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly.
			I shall be sober in the morning.
Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime.
	Mathematician's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  By induction, all
		odd numbers are prime.
	Physicist's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is experimental
		error.  11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Engineer's Proof:
		3 is prime.  5 is prime.  7 is prime.  9 is prime.
		11 is prime.  13 is prime ...
	Computer Scientists's Proof:
		3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime.  3 is prime...
Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be
lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
- Isaac Asimov
Marriage is the process of finding out what kind of man your wife would
have preferred.
To see a need and wait to be asked, is to already refuse.
I had a feeling once about mathematics -- that I saw it all.  Depth beyond
depth was revealed to me -- the Byss and the Abyss. I saw -- as one might
see the transit of Venus or even the Lord Mayor's Show -- a quantity passing
through infinity and changing its sign from plus to minus.  I saw exactly
why it happened and why tergiversation was inevitable -- but it was after
dinner and I let it go.
		-- Winston Churchill
I'm going to Boston to see my doctor.  He's a very sick man.
		-- Fred Allen
Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee.
		-- Snoopy
You will gain money by a fattening action.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
"And what do you two think you are doing?!" roared the husband, as he came
upon his wife in bed with another man.  The wife turned and smiled at her
companion.

"See?" she said.  "I told you he was stupid!"
"Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix.  Everyone knows power tools aren't
soluble in alcohol..."
-- Crazy Nigel
Sun in the night, everyone is together,
Ascending into the heavens, life is forever.
		-- Brand X, "Moroccan Roll/Sun in the Night"
Love is a grave mental disease.
		-- Plato
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
		-- Eric Hoffer
I just got out of the hospital after a speed reading accident.
I hit a bookmark.
		-- Steven Wright
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead
"May your future be limited only by your dreams."
-- Christa McAuliffe
TIRED of calculating components of vectors?  Displacements along direction of
force getting you down?  Well, now there's help.  Try amazing "Dot-Product",
the fast, easy way many professionals have used for years and is now available
to YOU through this special offer.  Three out of five engineering consultants
recommend "Dot-Product" for their clients who use vector products.  Mr.
Gumbinowitz, mechanical engineer, in a hidden-camera interview...
	"Dot-Product really works!  Calculating Z-axis force components has
	never been easier."
Yes, you too can take advantage of the amazing properties of Dot-Product.  Use
it to calculate forces, velocities, displacements, and virtually any vector
components.  How much would you pay for it?  But wait, it also calculates the
work done in Joules, Ergs, and, yes, even BTU's.  Divide Dot-Product by the
magnitude of the vectors and it becomes an instant angle calculator!  Now, how
much would you pay?  All this can be yours for the low, low price of $19.95!!
But that's not all!  If you order before midnight, you'll also get "Famous
Numbers of Famous People" as a bonus gift, absolutely free!  Yes, you'll get
Avogadro's number, Planck's, Euler's, Boltzmann's, and many, many, more!!
Call 1-800-DOT-6000.  Operators are standing by.  That number again...
1-800-DOT-6000.  Supplies are limited, so act now.  This offer is not
available through stores and is void where prohibited by law.
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.
Time as he grows old teaches all things.
		-- Aeschylus
pain, n.:
	One thing, at least it proves that you're alive!
..you could spend *all day* customizing the title bar.  Believe me.  I
speak from experience."
(By Matt Welsh)
In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence ...
in time every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent
to carry out its duties ... Work is accomplished by those employees who
have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "The Peter Principle"
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: "If I have
only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk."
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three
parts dead.
		-- Bertrand Russell
An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening.
		-- Marlon Brando
Down with categorical imperative!
The feeling persists that no one can simultaneously be a respectable writer
and understand how a refrigerator works, just as no gentleman wears a brown
suit in the city.  Colleges may be to blame.  English majors are encouraged,
I know, to hate chemistry and physics, and to be proud because they are not
dull and creepy and humorless and war-oriented like the engineers across the
quad.  And our most impressive critics have commonly been such English majors,
and they are squeamish about technology to this very day.  So it is natural
for them to despise science fiction.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut Jr., "Science Fiction"
	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.
	"I was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- A. Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"
This Fortune Examined By INSPECTOR NO. 2-14
Q:	How does a hacker fix a function which
	doesn't work for all of the elements in its domain?
A:	He changes the domain.
In matters of principle, stand like a rock;
in matters of taste, swim with the current.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
Absolutum obsoletum.  (If it works, it's out of date.)
		-- Stafford Beer
It hangs down from the chandelier
Nobody knows quite what it does
Its color is odd and its shape is weird
It emits a high-sounding buzz

It grows a couple of feet each day
and wriggles with sort of a twitch
Nobody bugs it 'cause it comes from
a visiting uncle who's rich!
		-- To "It Came Upon A Midnight Clear"
Burke's Postulates:
	Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about.
	Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer.
XLI:
	The more one produces, the less one gets.
XLII:
	Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing.
XLIII:
	Hardware works best when it matters the least.
XLIV:
	Aircraft flight in the 21st century will always be in a westerly
	direction, preferably supersonic, crossing time zones to provide the
	additional hours needed to fix the broken electronics.
XLV:
	One should expect that the expected can be prevented, but the
	unexpected should have been expected.
XLVI:
	A billion saved is a billion earned.
		-- Norman Augustine
Now KEN and BARBIE are PERMANENTLY ADDICTED to MIND-ALTERING DRUGS ...
Now I lay me down to sleep
I hear the sirens in the street
All my dreams are made of chrome
I have no way to get back home
- Tom Waits
Whether weary or unweary, O man, do not rest,
Do not cease your single-handed struggle.
Go on, do not rest.
		-- An old Gujarati hymn
The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
		-- Elbert Hubbard
You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
A day without sunshine is like a day without orange juice.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.
(Those who have already paid may disregard this cookie).
"The chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain."
-- G. Fitch
The world's great men have not commonly been great scholars, nor its great
scholars great men.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes
There's nothing disgusting about it [the Companion].  It's just another
life form, that's all.  You get used to those things.
		-- McCoy, "Metamorphosis", stardate 3219.8
Do clones have navels?
When I think about myself,
I almost laugh myself to death,
My life has been one great big joke,	Sixty years in these folks' world
A dance that's walked			The child I works for calls me girl
A song that's spoke,			I say "Yes ma'am" for working's sake.
I laugh so hard I almost choke		Too proud to bend
When I think about myself.		Too poor to break,
					I laugh until my stomach ache,
					When I think about myself.
My folks can make me split my side,
I laughed so hard I nearly died,
The tales they tell, sound just like lying,
They grow the fruit, 
But eat the rind,
I laugh until I start to crying,
When I think about my folks.
		-- Maya Angelou
	They are fools that think that wealth or women or strong drink or even
drugs can buy the most in effort out of the soul of a man.  These things offer
pale pleasures compared to that which is greatest of them all, that task which
demands from him more than his utmost strength, that absorbs him, bone and
sinew and brain and hope and fear and dreams -- and still calls for more.
	They are fools that think otherwise.  No great effort was ever bought.
No painting, no music, no poem, no cathedral in stone, no church, no state was
ever raised into being for payment of any kind.  No parthenon, no Thermopylae
was ever built or fought for pay or glory; no Bukhara sacked, or China ground
beneath Mongol heel, for loot or power alone.  The payment for doing these
things was itself the doing of them.
	To wield onself -- to use oneself as a tool in one's own hand -- and
so to make or break that which no one else can build or ruin -- THAT is the
greatest pleasure known to man!  To one who has felt the chisel in his hand
and set free the angel prisoned in the marble block, or to one who has felt
sword in hand and set homeless the soul that a moment before lived in the body
of his mortal enemy -- to those both come alike the taste of that rare food
spread only for demons or for gods."
		-- Gordon R. Dickson, "Soldier Ask Not"
NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Giuseppe?  Everything he
	  says is wrong.
GIUSEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
	  will be right.
		-- G. B. Shaw, "The Man of Destiny"
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
Almost anything derogatory you could say about today's software design
would be accurate.
		-- K.E. Iverson
"You know, we've won awards for this crap."
-- David Letterman
So much food; so little time!
When in doubt, lead trump.
There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals
in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so
people who find nothing odd about it.
		-- Calvin Trillin
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #5

THE ATOMIC GRANDMOTHER:
	This humorous but heart-warming story tells of an elderly woman
	forced to work at a nuclear power plant in order to help the family
	make ends meet.  At night, granny sits on the porch, tells tales
	of her colorful past, and the family uses her to cook barbecues
	and to power small electrical appliances.  Maureen Stapleton gives
	a glowing performance.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
		-- Albert Einstein
FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #2
	Never goose a wolverine.
It must have been some unmarried fool that said "A child can ask questions
that a wise man cannot answer"; because, in any decent house, a brat that
starts asking questions is promptly packed off to bed.
		-- Arthur Binstead
Let us go then you and I
while the night is laid out against the sky
like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie.

"Nice poem Tom.  I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?"
	-- Ezra
... I see TOILET SEATS ...
Most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning.
Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson
A man is known by the company he organizes.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR
	(1)  Scarecrow for centipedes
	(2)  Dead cat brush
	(3)  Hair barrettes
	(4)  Cleats
	(5)  Self-piercing earrings
	(6)  Fungus trellis
	(7)  False eyelashes
	(8)  Prosthetic dog claws
        .
        .
        .
	(99)  Window garden harrow (pulled behind Tonka tractors)
	(100) Killer velcro
	(101) Currency
Your password is pitifully obvious.
Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're
leading the parade.
		-- Bill Battie
... in three to eight years we will have a machine with the general
intelligence of an average human being ... The machine will begin
to educate itself with fantastic speed.  In a few months it will be
at genius level and a few months after that its powers will be
incalculable ...
		-- Marvin Minsky, LIFE Magazine, November 20, 1970
World tensions have, if anything, increased in the quarter century since
H.G. Wells uttered his glum warning: "There is no more evil thing on
earth than race prejudice, none at all.  I write deliberately -- it is
the worst single thing in life now.  It justifies and holds together more
baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of error in the world."
		-- Sydney Harris
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
		-- Bertolt Brecht
Oh, when I was in love with you,
	Then I was clean and brave,
And miles around the wonder grew
	How well did I behave.

And now the fancy passes by,
	And nothing will remain,
And miles around they'll say that I
	Am quite myself again.
		-- A. E. Housman
The 357.73 Theory:
	Auditors always reject expense accounts
	with a bottom line divisible by 5.
Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around
the sun.  At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when
evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person
can doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.  That all
present life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic
time, is as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.  Biologists differ
only with respect to theories about how the process operates.
- Martin Gardner, "Irving Kristol and the Facts of Life", 
   The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, ppg. 128-131
Non-sequiturs make me eat lampshades.
3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art
and display work.  This product is called "Craft Mount".  3M suggests
that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the
adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky."  I did not know what "aggressively
tacky" meant until I read today's fortune.

		[And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]
Prizes are for children.
		-- Charles Ives, upon being given, but refusing, the
		   Pulitzer prize
You can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.
The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"
Satire is tragedy plus time.
		-- Lenny Bruce
You can learn many things from children.  How much patience you have,
for instance.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
It's clever, but is it art?
What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?
Worst Month of the Year:
	February.  February has only 28 days in it, which means that if
	you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you
	don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
		-- Steve Rubenstein
Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
Corry's Law:
	Paper is always strongest at the perforations.
I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern.  I realize that the
whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional
congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile so we
can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the plumber.

But from time to time, I feel I must address major public issues such as
this, because in a free and open society, where the very future of the world
hinges on decisions made by our elected leaders, you never win large cash
journalism awards if you stick to the topics I usually write about, such as
nose-picking.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"
He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
Spouse, n.:
	Someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you
	wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.
Love is dope, not chicken soup.  I mean, love is something to be passed
around freely, not spooned down someone's throat for their own good by a
Jewish mother who cooked it all by herself.
In 1914, the first crossword puzzle was printed in a newspaper.  The
creator received $4000 down ... and $3000 across.
Perfection is acheived only on the point of collapse.
- C. N. Parkinson
This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.  Had there been an
actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.
Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Her question was, "Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?"

In Texas, the answer was "What's a shortage?"
In Poland, the answer was "What's meat?"
In the Soviet Union, the answer was "What's an opinion?"
In New York City, the answer was "What's excuse me?"
philosophy:
	Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Trying to establish voice contact ... please ____yell into keyboard.
C Code.
C Code Run.
Run, Code, RUN!
	PLEASE!!!!
Space is big.  You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly
big it is.  I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the
drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
		-- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Heaven, n.:
	A place where the wicked cease from troubling you with talk of
	their personal affairs, and the good listen with attention while you
	expound your own.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
How do I type "for i in *.dvi do xdvi i done" in a GUI?
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of interfaces.)
Sodd's Second Law:
	Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is
	bound to occur.
Top scientists agree that with the present rate of consumption, the earth's
supply of gravity will be exhausted before the 24th century. As man
struggles to discover cheaper alternatives, we need your help. Please...

			CONSERVE GRAVITY

Follow these simple suggestions:

(1)  Walk with a light step.  Carry helium balloons if possible.
(2)  Use tape, magnets, or glue instead of paperweights.
(3)  Give up skiing and skydiving for more horizontal sports like curling.
(4)  Avoid showers .. take baths instead.
(5)  Don't hang all your clothes in the closet ... Keep them in one big pile.
(6)  Stop flipping pancakes
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
"Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons 
for it afterwards."
-- Soren F. Petersen
It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better
still to be a live lion.  And usually easier.
		-- Lazarus Long
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #31
A:	Chicken Teriyaki.
Q:	What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?
I'm gliding over a NUCLEAR WASTE DUMP near ATLANTA, Georgia!!
Incumbent, n.:
	Person of liveliest interest to the outcumbents.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.
Two wrongs are only the beginning.
		-- Kohn
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.
E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)
Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as
artificial flowers have to flowers.
		-- David Parnas
On a morning from a Bogart movie, in a country where they turned back time,
You go strolling through the crowd like Peter Lorre contemplating a crime.
She comes out of the sun in a silk dress running like a watercolor in the rain.
Don't bother asking for explanations, she'll just tell you that she came
In the Year of the Cat.

She doesn't give you time for questions, as she locks up your arm in hers,
And you follow 'till your sense of which direction completely disappears.
By the blue-tiled walls near the market stall there's a hidden door she
    leads you to.
These days, she say, I feel my life just like a river running through
The Year of the Cat.

Well, she looks at you so coolly,
And her eyes shine like the moon in the sea.
She comes in incense and patchouli,
So you take her to find what's waiting inside
The Year of the Cat.

Well, morning comes and you're still with her, but the bus and the tourists
    are gone,
And you've thrown away your choice and lost your ticket, so you have to stay on.
But the drum-beat strains of the night remain in the rhythm of the new-born day.
You know some time you're bound to leave her, but for now you're going to stay
In the Year of the Cat.
		-- Al Stewart, "Year of the Cat"
Everything you read in newspapers is absolutely true, except for that
rare story of which you happen to have first-hand knowledge.
		-- Erwin Knoll
I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"
In this vale
Of toil and sin
Your head grows bald
But not your chin.
		-- Burma Shave
If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
		-- Salvor Hardin
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
> No manual is ever necessary.
May I politely interject here: BULLSHIT.  That's the biggest Apple lie of all!
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of interfaces.)
By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus
A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Elbonics, n.:
	The actions of two people maneuvering for one armrest in a movie
	theatre.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
I always pass on good advice.  It is the only thing to do with it.
It is never any good to oneself.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "An Ideal Husband"
Lawful Dungeon Master -- and they're MY laws!
The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.
In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools
will be temporarily canceled.
I think I am an overnight sensation right now!!
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
		-- Lily Tomlin
Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.
Totally illogical, there was no chance.
		-- Spock, "The Galileo Seven", stardate 2822.3
"Show business is just like high school, except you get paid."
- Martin Mull
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Laws of Computer Programming:
	(1) Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
	(2) Any given program costs more and takes longer.
	(3) If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
	(4) If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
	(5) Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
	(6) The value of a program is proportional the weight of its output.
	(7) Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of
		the programmer who must maintain it.
T-shirt Of The Day:
	I'm the person your mother warned you about.
There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy to make low income
parents' lives a misery.  ...  I want you to picture the trusting face of a
child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.  I want you to
picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one
Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
		-- Filthy Rich and Catflap
May you have warm words on a cold evening,
a full mooon on a dark night,
and a smooth road all the way to your door.
Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.
Beauty, brains, availability, personality; pick any two.
There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy to make low income
parents' lives a misery.  ...  I want you to picture the trusting face of a
child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.  I want you to
picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one
Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
		-- Filthy Rich and Catflap
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't
recognize them.
I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote
peace than our governments.  Indeed, I think that people want peace so much
that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them
have it.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower
Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.
Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
"Had he and I but met
By some old ancient inn,		But ranged as infantry,
We should have sat us down to wet	And staring face to face,
Right many a nipperkin!			I shot at him as he at me,
					And killed him in his place.
I shot him dead because --
Because he was my foe,			He thought he'd 'list, perhaps,
Just so: my foe of course he was;	Off-hand-like -- just as I --
That's clear enough; although		Was out of work -- had sold his traps
					No other reason why.
Yes; quaint and curious war is!
You shoot a fellow down
You'd treat, if met where any bar is
Or help to half-a-crown."
		-- Thomas Hardy
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
		-- Clarence Day
Charm is a way of getting the answer "Yes" -- without having asked any
clear question.
The magician is seated in his high chair and looks upon the world with favor.
He is at the height of his powers.  If he closes his eyes, he causes the world
to disappear.  If he opens his eyes, he causes the world to come back.  If
there is harmony within him, the world is harmonious.  If rage shatters his
inner harmony, the unity of the world is shattered.  If desire arises within
him, he utters the magic syllables that causes the desired object to appear.
His wishes, his thoughts, his gestures, his noises command the universe.
-- Selma Fraiberg, _The Magic Years_, pg. 107
Women give to men the very gold of their lives.  Possibly; but they
invariably want it back in such very small change.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a
percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler
So as your consumer electronics adviser, I am advising you to donate your
current VCR to a grate resident, who will laugh sardonically and hurl it
into a dumpster.  Then I want you to go out and purchase a vast array of
8-millimeter video equipment.

... OK!  Got everything?  Well, *too bad, sucker*, because while you were
gone the electronics industry came up with an even newer format that makes
your 8-millimeter VCR look as technologically advanced as toenail dirt.
This format is called "3.5 hectare" and it will not be made available until
it is outmoded, sometime early next week, by a format called "Elroy", so
*order yours now*.
		-- Dave Barry, "No Surrender in the Electronics Revolution"
Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.  Everybody rolls with their
fingers crossed.  Everybody knows the war is over.  Everybody knows the
good guys lost.  Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay
poor, the rich get rich.  That's how it goes.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.  Everybody knows the captain
lied.  Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog
just died.

Everybody talking to their pockets.  Everybody wants a box of chocolates
and long stem rose.  Everybody knows.

Everybody knows that you love me, baby.  Everybody knows that you really
do.  Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or
two.  Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people
you just had to meet without your clothes.  And everybody knows.

And everybody knows it's now or never.  Everybody knows that it's me or you.
And everybody knows that you live forever when you've done a line or two.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton
for you ribbons and bows.  And everybody knows.
	-- Leonard Cohen, "Everybody Knows"
VMS version 2.0 ==>
"Atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed."
-- Robin, The Boy Wonder
"Remember, if it's being done correctly, here or abroad, it's ___not the U.S.
Army doing it!"
		-- Good Morning VietNam
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average.
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
		-- Lao Tsu
Contemptuous lights flashed flashed across the computer's console.
-- Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
Fishbowl, n.:
	A glass-enclosed isolation cell where newly promoted managers are
	kept for observation.
If you fool around with something long enough, it will eventually break.
Where's th' DAFFY DUCK EXHIBIT??
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely
get your Feet wet.  Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.
If an S and an I and an O and a U
With an X at the end spell Su;
And an E and a Y and an E spell I,
Pray what is a speller to do?
Then, if also an S and an I and a G
And an HED spell side,
There's nothing much left for a speller to do
But to go commit siouxeyesighed.
		-- Charles Follen Adams, "An Orthographic Lament"
Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.
A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
		-- Aristotle
To code the impossible code,		This is my quest --
To bring up a virgin machine,		To debug that code,
To pop out of endless recursion,	No matter how hopeless,
To grok what appears on the screen,	No matter the load,
					To write those routines
To right the unrightable bug,		Without question or pause,
To endlessly twiddle and thrash,	To be willing to hack FORTRAN IV
To mount the unmountable magtape,	For a heavenly cause.
To stop the unstoppable crash!		And I know if I'll only be true
					To this glorious quest,
And the queue will be better for this,	That my code will run CUSPy and calm,
That one man, scorned and		When it's put to the test.
	destined to lose,
Still strove with his last allocation
To scrap the unscrappable kludge!
		-- To "The Impossible Dream", from Man of La Mancha
"Anyone attempting to generate random numbers by deterministic means is, of
course, living in a state of sin."
-- John Von Neumann
Too ripped.  Gotta go.
It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
		-- J.K. Galbraith
I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20
years ago.  When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors
would eventually be in the millions, someone else said, "Where are they
all going to go? It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!"

Years later, I went back to the same hotel.  I noticed the room keys had
been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors.

There was a computer in every doorknob.
	-- Danny Hillis
The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world.
		-- Wittgenstein
It would be illogical to assume that all conditions remain stable.
		-- Spock, "The Enterprise" Incident", stardate 5027.3
I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better
take one along that worked.
		-- Raymond Chandler
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
One of the disadvantages of having children is that they eventually get old
enough to give you presents they make at school.
		-- Robert Byrne
"... all the modern inconveniences ..."
		-- Mark Twain
Kissing don't last, cookery do.
		-- George Meredith
It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is
thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have
drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Why do they call a fast a fast, when it goes so slow?
Gilbert's Discovery:
	Any attempt to use the new super glues results in the two pieces
	sticking to your thumb and index finger rather than to each other.
I just forgot my whole philosophy of life!!!
"If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do:  Pour a little
 Lavoris in the toilet."
-- Comedian Jay Leno
QOTD:
	"The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt."
"Now the Lord God planted a garden East of Whittier in a place called
Yorba Linda, and out of the ground he made to grow orange trees that
were good for food and the fruits thereof he labeled SUNKIST ..."
		-- "The Begatting of a President"
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
		-- Weisert
UH-OH!!  I think KEN is OVER-DUE on his R.V. PAYMENTS and HE'S having a
NERVOUS BREAKDOWN too!!  Ha ha.
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely want to help you
could agree with each other?
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
Some marriages are made in heaven -- but so are thunder and lightning.
Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention:
	Unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will
	reject the proposal.
Laura's Law:
	No child throws up in the bathroom.
Yow!  Maybe I should have asked for my Neutron Bomb in PAISLEY --
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the men are strong, the women are pretty,
and the children are above-average.
		-- Garrison Keillor
Harold had never wanted a woman so much in his life, upon overhearing the
22-year-old beauty remark that he was too old and out of shape for her.  The
determined septuagenarian immediately embarked upon a rigorous self-improvement
program.  He had his face lifted, bought a toupee, ran five miles every day,
lifted weights and adopted a strict vegetarian diet.  Within months, the
rejuvenated man won the young woman's heart, and she agreed to marry him.
	On the way out of the chapel, however, Harold was fatally struck
by lightning.  Furious, he confronted Saint Peter at the pearly gates.  "How
could you do this to me after all the pain I went through?"
	"To be honest, Harold," Saint Peter sheepishly replied, "I didn't
recognize you."
When a child is taught ... its programmed with simple instructions --
and at some point, if its mind develops properly, it exceeds the sum of
what it was taught, thinks independently.
		-- Dr. Richard Daystrom, "The Ultimate Computer",
		   stardate 4731.3.
Modesty:
	The gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending not to be
	aware of it.
		-- Oliver Herford
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
A committee takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts and dies, scattering the
seed from which other committees will bloom.
		-- Parkinson
	Two men looked out from the prison bars,
	One saw mud--
	The other saw stars.

Now let me get this right: two prisoners are looking out the window.
While one of them was looking at all the mud -- the other one got hit
in the head.
	Catching his children with their hands in the new, still wet, patio,
the father spanked them.  His wife asked, "Don't you love your children?"
"In the abstract, yes, but not in the concrete."
Satellite Safety Tip #14:
	If you see a bright streak in the sky coming at you, duck.
While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe, "The Raven"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to hardware interrupts.]
 
And now I see with eye serene
The very pulse of the machine.
		-- William Wordsworth, "She Was a Phantom of Delight"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to software interrupts.]
There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
Been Transferred Lately?
I've read SEVEN MILLION books!!
You can't take it with you -- especially when crossing a state line.
Your code should be more efficient!
A man is not complete until he is married -- then he is finished.
Everything can be filed under "miscellaneous".
Poverty begins at home.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
idleness, n.:
	Leisure gone to seed.
Sometimes when I get up in the morning, I feel very peculiar.  I feel
like I've just got to bite a cat!  I feel like if I don't bite a cat
before sundown, I'll go crazy!  But then I just take a deep breath and
forget about it.  That's what is known as real maturity.
		-- Snoopy
I share the belief of many of my contemporaries that the spiritual crisis
pervading all spheres of Western industrial society can be remedied only 
by a change in our world view.  We shall have to shift from the materialistic,
dualistic belief that people and their environment are separate, toward a
new conciousness of an all-encompassing reality, which embraces the 
experiencing ego, a reality in which people feel their oneness with animate 
nature and all of creation.
- Dr. Albert Hoffman
One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz
Surprise due today.  Also the rent.
Impartial, adj.:
	Unable to perceive any promise of personal advantage from
	espousing either side of a controversy or adopting either of two
	conflicting opinions.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Fortune's Exercising Truths:

1:  Richard Simmons gets paid to exercise like a lunatic.  You don't.
2.  Aerobic exercises stimulate and speed up the heart.  So do heart attacks.
3.  Exercising around small children can scar them emotionally for life.
4.  Sweating like a pig and gasping for breath is not refreshing.
5.  No matter what anyone tells you, isometric exercises cannot be done
    quietly at your desk at work.  People will suspect manic tendencies as
    you twitter around in your chair.
6.  Next to burying bones, the thing a dog enjoys mosts is tripping joggers.
7.  Locking four people in a tiny, cement-walled room so they can run around
    for an hour smashing a little rubber ball -- and each other -- with a hard
    racket should immediately be recognized for what it is: a form of insanity.
8.  Fifty push-ups, followed by thirty sit-ups, followed by ten chin-ups,
    followed by one throw-up.
9.  Any activity that can't be done while smoking should be avoided.
If you think the system is working, ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.
Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere.
Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain.
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
		-- Bene Gesserit proverb, "Dune"
I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a lengthy
argument about what I considered an Odd number.
		-- Steven Wright
%DCL-MEM-BAD, bad memory
VMS-F-PDGERS, pudding between the ears
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.  It's already tomorrow
in Australia.
		-- Charles Schulz
The PINK SOCKS were ORIGINALLY from 1952!!  But they went to MARS
around 1953!!
Love means never having to say you're sorry.
		-- Eric Segal, "Love Story"

That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
		-- Ryan O'Neill, "What's Up Doc?"
I'll grant thee random access to my heart,
Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love;
And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove
And in our bound partition never part.

Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain?
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,
A root or two, a torus and a node:
The inverse of my verse, a null domain.

I see the eigenvalue in thine eye,
I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh.
Bernoulli would have been content to die
Had he but known such a-squared cos 2(thi)!
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
In Corning, Iowa, it's a misdemeanor for a man to ask his wife to ride
in any motor vehicle.
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky
A penny saved is a penny to squander.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Weinberg's Second Law:
	If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
	then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
All is well that ends well.
		-- John Heywood
Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many poor
people.
		-- Don Herold
Dinner suggestion #302 (Hacker's De-lite):
	1 tin imported Brisling sardines in tomato sauce
	1 pouch Chocolate Malt Carnation Instant Breakfast
	1 carton milk
Learning French is trivial: the word for horse is cheval, and everything else
follows in the same way.
		-- Alan J. Perlis
Theorem: All positive integers are equal.
Proof: Sufficient to show that for any two positive integers, A and B, A = B.
	Further, it is sufficient to show that for all N > 0, if A and B
	(positive integers) satisfy (MAX(A, B) = N) then A = B.

Proceed by induction:
	If N = 1, then A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1.
	So A = B.

Assume that the theorem is true for some value k.  Take A and B with
	MAX(A, B) = k+1.  Then  MAX((A-1), (B-1)) = k.  And hence
	(A-1) = (B-1).  Consequently, A = B.
...it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the
existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great
systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative
hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
- Sidney Hook
RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC
READY
>_
I have a dog; I named him Stay.  So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, "Here,
Stay, here..." but he got wise to that.  Now when I call him he ignores me
and just keeps on typing.
		-- Steven Wright
You will gain money by an illegal action.
Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail? 
		-- The Tasmanian Devil
Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have
drawn them there.  What you choose to do with them is up to you.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
Microwaves frizz your heir.
Dow's Law:
	In a hierarchical organization, the higher the level,
	the greater the confusion.
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.
War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
		-- Charles Edward Montague
The distinction between Jewish and goyish can be quite subtle, as the
following quote from Lenny Bruce illustrates:

	"I'm Jewish.  Count Basie's Jewish.  Ray Charles is Jewish.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.  The B'nai Brith is goyish.  The Hadassah is
Jewish.  Marine Corps -- heavy goyish, dangerous.

	"Kool-Aid is goyish.  All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Instant potatoes -- goyish.  Black cherry soda's very Jewish.
Macaroons are ____very Jewish.  Fruit salad is Jewish.  Lime Jell-O is
goyish.  Lime soda is ____very goyish.  Trailer parks are so goyish that
Jews won't go near them ..."
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"
Virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Denniston

Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Aneurin Bevan
An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.
You will wish you hadn't.
Anything anybody can say about America is true.
		-- Emmett Grogan
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.
Love at first sight is one of the greatest labor-saving devices the
world has ever seen.
QOTD:
	"I've just learned about his illness.  Let's hope it's nothing
	trivial."
After years of research, scientists recently reported that there is,
indeed, arroz in Spanish Harlem.
A woman can never be too rich or too thin.
The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a
soda can, when discarded will last forever ... and a $7,000 car which
when properly cared for will rust out in two or three years.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
		-- Steven Wright
I'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now.
Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
		-- William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania
	On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
There are lots of phrases.  My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale
is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright,
non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do
several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works
best, write it down and make that the standard.
	The OSI view is entirely opposite.  You take written contributions
from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of
committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all
with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get
something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once.
	So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well,
then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write
it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it
after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is
committed to it.  One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think
it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
		-- Marshall Rose, "The Pied Piper of OSI"
Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the
way he did.  In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an
indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less
important to him than his table or his white robe.
- Stefan Zweigs, Biography of Balzac
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain
Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
		-- Pink Floyd
Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
	Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. does not warrant that the
functions contained in the program will meet your requirements or that
the operation of the program will be uninterrupted or error-free.
	However, Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. warrants the
diskette(s) on which the program is furnished to be of black color and
square shape under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the
date of purchase.
	NOTE: IN NO EVENT WILL COSMOTRONIC SOFTWARE UNLIMITED OR ITS
DISTRIBUTORS AND THEIR DEALERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
ANY LOST PROFIT, LOST SAVINGS, LOST PATIENCE OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
		-- Horstmann Software Design, the "ChiWriter" user manual
Goldenstern's Rules:
	(1) Always hire a rich attorney
	(2) Never buy from a rich salesman.
... The cable had passed us by; the dish was the only hope, and eventually
we were all forced to turn to it.  By the summer of '85, the valley had more
satellite dishes per capita than an Eskimo village on the north slope of
Alaska.

Mine was one of the last to go in.  I had been nervous from the start about
the hazards of too much input, which is a very real problem with these
things.  Watching TV becomes a full-time job when you can scan 200 channels
all day and all night and still have the option of punching Night Dreams
into the video machine, if the rest of the world seems dull.
-- Hunter Thompson, "Full-time scrambling", _Generation of Swine_
God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!
Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
	The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
	to... to... uh.....
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you can certainly charge it.
Cats are smarter than dogs.  You can't make eight cats pull a sled through
the snow.
All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.
Always do right.  This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
		-- Mark Twain
Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Two Gentlemen of Verona"
Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?
If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
			 ___====-_  _-====___
		  _--~~~#####// '  ` \\#####~~~--_
		-~##########// (    ) \\##########~-_
	       -############//  |\^^/|  \\############-
	     _~############//   (O||O)   \\############~_ 
	    ~#############((     \\//     ))#############~  
	   -###############\\    (oo)    //###############-
	  -#################\\  / `' \  //#################- 
	 -###################\\/  ()  \//###################-
	_#/|##########/\######(  (())  )######/\##########|\#_
	|/ |#/\#/\#/\/  \#/\##|  \()/  |##/\#/  \/\#/\#/\#| \|
	`  |/  V  V  `   V  )||  |()|  ||(  V   '  V /\  \|  '
	   `   `  `      `  / |  |()|  | \  '      '<||>  '
			   (  |  |()|  |  )\        /|/
			  __\ |__|()|__| /__\______/|/
			 (vvv(vvvv)(vvvv)vvv)______|/
"Let's show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown!"
-- The Ghostbusters
Hackers of the world, unite!
Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim
And earthquakes only terrify the dolts,
And to him who's scientific
There is nothing that's terrific
In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
		-- W.S. Gilbert, "The Mikado"
	Once upon a time there was a beautiful young girl taking a stroll 
through the woods.  All at once she saw an extremely ugly bull frog seated 
on a log and to her amazement the frog spoke to her.  "Maiden," croaked the
frog, "would you do me a favor?  This will be hard for you to believe, but
I was once a handsome, charming prince and then a mean, ugly old witch cast
a spell over me and turned me into a frog."
	"Oh, what a pity!", exclaimed the girl.  "I'll do anything I can to
help you break such a spell."
	"Well," replied the frog, "the only way that this spell can be
taken away is for some lovely young woman to take me home and let me spend
the night under her pillow."
	The young girl took the ugly frog home and placed him beneath her
pillow that night when she retired.  When she awoke the next morning, sure
enough, there beside her in bed was a very young, handsome man, clearly of
royal blood.  And so they lived happily ever after, except that to this day
her father and mother still don't believe her story.
Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a terminal until the drops
of blood form on your forehead.
I was in a beauty contest one.  I not only came in last, I was hit in
the mouth by Miss Congeniality.
		-- Phyllis Diller
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all progress
depends on the unreasonable man.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Operating-system software is the program that orchestrates all the basic
functions of a computer.
- The Wall Street Journal, Tuesday, September 15, 1987, page 40
Charlie Brown:	Why was I put on this earth?
Linus:		To make others happy.
Charlie Brown:	Why were others put on this earth?
Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one likes oneself.
		-- Joan Didion, "On Self Respect"
Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me,
"How good, how good does it feel to be free?"
And I answer them most mysteriously:
"Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
		-- Bob Dylan
Dustin Farnum:	Why, yesterday, I had the audience glued to their seats!
Oliver Herford:	Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of it!
		-- Brian Herbert, "Classic Comebacks"
You'll learn something about men and women -- the way they're supposed
to be.  Caring for each other, being happy with each other, being good
to each other.  That's what we call love.  You'll like that a lot.
		-- Kirk, "The Apple", stardate 3715.6
We're fighting against humanism, we're fighting against liberalism...
we are fighting against all the systems of Satan that are destroying
our nation today...our battle is with Satan himself.
- Jerry Falwell
Put no trust in cryptic comments.
Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness:
	Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
- Kahlil Gibran
My life is a patio of fun!
Hardware, n.:
	The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.
Theorem: All positive integers are equal.
Proof: Sufficient to show that for any two positive integers, A and B, A = B.
	Further, it is sufficient to show that for all N > 0, if A and B
	(positive integers) satisfy (MAX(A, B) = N) then A = B.

Proceed by induction:
	If N = 1, then A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1.
	So A = B.

Assume that the theorem is true for some value k.  Take A and B with
	MAX(A, B) = k+1.  Then  MAX((A-1), (B-1)) = k.  And hence
	(A-1) = (B-1).  Consequently, A = B.
We are using Linux daily to UP our productivity - so UP yours!
(Adapted from Pat Paulsen by Joe Sloan)
Yow!  I'm imagining a surfer van filled with soy sauce!
Did you hear that Captain Crunch, Sugar Bear, Tony the Tiger, and
Snap, Crackle and Pop were all murdered recently...

Police suspect the work of a cereal killer!
And then there was the lawyer that stepped in cow manure and thought
he was melting...
If you want divine justice, die.
		-- Nick Seldon
I like your game but we have to change the rules.
On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague:

"This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong."
		-- Wolfgang Pauli
Yow!  I just went below the poverty line!
For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]
 
The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it
seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the
fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving
after rational knowledge.
- Albert Einstein
byob, v:
	Believing Your Own Bull
Did you hear that Captain Crunch, Sugar Bear, Tony the Tiger, and
Snap, Crackle and Pop were all murdered recently...

Police suspect the work of a cereal killer!
If the grass is greener on other side of fence, consider what may be
fertilizing it.
One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
		-- Gustave Droz
Although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away.
The evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand
years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man
is and will always be a wild animal.
-- Charles Galton Darwin
Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.
You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
		-- J. D. Salinger
To be is to do.
		-- I. Kant
To do is to be.
		-- A. Sartre
Do be a Do Bee!
		-- Miss Connie, Romper Room
Do be do be do!
		-- F. Sinatra
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
		-- F. Flintstone
"I don't believe in sweeping social change being manifested by one person, 
unless he has an atomic weapon."
-- Howard Chaykin
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
- General James Gavin
Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
"We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company."
Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
		-- Hattie McDaniel
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
Now what would they do if I just sailed away?
Who the hell really compelled me to leave today?
Runnin' low on stories of what made it a ball,
What would they do if I made no landfall?"
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Landfall"
	A pushy romeo asked a gorgeous elevator operator, "Don't all these
stops and starts get you pretty worn out?"  "It isn't the stops and starts
that get on my nerves, it's the jerks."
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence.  There's a
knob called "brightness", but it doesn't seem to work.
		-- Gallagher
Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many poor
people.
		-- Don Herold
Bing's Rule:
	Don't try to stem the tide -- move the beach.
When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
Lady Nancy Astor:
	"Winston, if you were my husband, I'd put poison in your coffee."
Winston Churchill:
	"Nancy, if you were my wife, I'd drink it."
"Ignorance is the soil in which belief in miracles grows."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason.
		-- Charles Curtis, "A Commonplace Book"
Monterey... is decidedly the pleasantest and most civilized-looking place
in California ... [it] is also a great place for cock-fighting, gambling
of all sorts, fandangos, and various kinds of amusements and knavery.
		-- Richard Henry Dama, "Two Years Before the Mast", 1840
byob, v:
	Believing Your Own Bull
So many men, so many opinions; every one his own way.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
Come, every frustum longs to be a cone,
And every vector dreams of matrices.
Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze:
It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
There is no such thing as inner peace.  There is only nervousness or death.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"
Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.
Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!
"He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental effort,
he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable perversion."
-- Mick Farren, _When Gravity Fails_
Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken
him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him.  Such an excess of
stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
		-- Samuel Johnson
The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on
weather forecasters.
		-- Jean-Paul Kauffmann
Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.
It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do,
that makes life blessed.
		-- Goethe
RELATIVES!!
Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
millihelen, n.:
	The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
Howe's Law:
	Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
"America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort."
-- President John F. Kennedy
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions,
wins few friends, Germans excepted.
		-- Darwin Porter "Scandinavia On $50 A Day"
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn
365 useless things.
Alone, adj.:
	In bad company.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Hey! Come merry dol! derry dol!  My darling!
Light goes the weather-wind and the feathered starling.

Down along under Hill, shining in the sunlight,
Waiting on the doorstep for the cold starlight,
There my pretty lady is, River-woman's daughter,
Slender as the willow-wand, clearer than the water.

Old Tom Bombadil water-lilies bringing
Comes hopping home again.  Can you hear him singing?
Hey!  Come merry dol! derry dol! and merry-o
Goldberry, Goldberry, merry yellow berry-o!

Poor old Willow-man, you tuck your roots away!
Tom's in a hurry now.  Evening will follow day.
Tom's going home again water-lilies bringing.
Hey! come derry dol!  Can you hear me singing?
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Incumbent, n.:
	Person of liveliest interest to the outcumbents.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Sometimes, too long is too long.
		-- Joe Crowe
I began many years ago, as so many young men do, in searching for the
perfect woman.  I believed that if I looked long enough, and hard enough,
I would find her and then I would be secure for life.  Well, the years
and romances came and went, and I eventually ended up settling for someone
a lot less than my idea of perfection.  But one day, after many years
together, I lay there on our bed recovering from a slight illness.  My
wife was sitting on a chair next to the bed, humming softly and watching
the late afternoon sun filtering through the trees.  The only sounds to
be heard elsewhere were the clock ticking, the kettle downstairs starting
to boil, and an occasional schoolchild passing beneath our window.  And
as I looked up into my wife's now wrinkled face, but still warm and
twinkling eyes, I realized something about perfection...  It comes only
with time.
		-- James L. Collymore, "Perfect Woman"
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.  I'm frightened
of the old ones.
		-- John Cage
Your wise men don't know how it feels
To be thick as a brick.
		-- Jethro Tull, "Thick As A Brick"
I B M
U B M
We all B M
For I B M!!!!
		-- H.A.R.L.I.E.
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that
brought tears to my eyes.  He said, "No hablo ingles."
		-- Ronnie Shakes
Appendix:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.
If you are honest because honesty is the best policy, your honesty is corrupt.
The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
		-- Blair
There is a certain frame of mind to which a cemetery is, if not an antidote,
at least an alleviation.  If you are in a fit of the blues, go nowhere else.
	--Robert Louis Stevenson: Immortelles
"Absolutely nothing should be concluded from these figures except that
no conclusion can be drawn from them."
(By Joseph L. Brothers, Linux/PowerPC Project)
	All that you touch,		And all you create,
	All that you see,		And all you destroy,
	All that you taste,		All that you do,
	All you feel,			And all you say,
	And all that you love,		All that you eat,
	And all that you hate,		And everyone you meet,
	All you distrust,		All that you slight,
	All you save,			And everyone you fight,
	And all that you give,		And all that is now,
	And all that you deal,		And all that is gone,
	All that you buy,		And all that's to come,
	Beg, borrow or steal,		And everything under the sun is
						in tune,
					But the sun is eclipsed
					By the moon.

There is no dark side of the moon... really... matter of fact it's all dark.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Dark Side of the Moon"
As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless; and
considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to be childless.

The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless,
a separation.
		-- Lord Chesterfield, letter to his son, 1763
Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
		-- Anonymous
With/Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
		-- Pink Floyd
No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
The help people need most urgently is help in admitting that they need help.
The whole of life is futile unless you consider it as a sporting proposition.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a
week sometimes to make it up.
		-- Mark Twain, "The Innocents Abroad"
Q:	What is purple and concord the world?
A:	Alexander the Grape.
Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar
And now for something completely the same.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3

MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET:
	Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and
	tries to make it big on Broadway.  Santa sings and dances his way
	into your heart.
O'Brian's Law:
	Everything is always done for the wrong reasons.
Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.
You cannot use your friends and have them too.
Is this TERMINAL fun?
I'm sitting on my SPEED QUEEN ... To me, it's ENJOYABLE ... I'm WARM
... I'm VIBRATORY ...
Die, v.:
	To stop sinning suddenly.
		-- Elbert Hubbard
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
		-- Alexander Pope
It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.
The rule on staying alive as a forecaster is to give 'em a number or
give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
		-- Jane Bryant Quinn
Agree with them now, it will save so much time.
Q:	What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A:	A nervous wreck.
He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage -- he won't
encounter many rivals.
		-- Georg Lichtenberg, "Aphorisms"
Honi soit qui mal y pense.
	[Evil to him who evil thinks.]
		-- Motto of the Order of the Garter (est. Edward III)
You buttered your bread, now lie in it.
According to Arkansas law, Section 4761, Pope's Digest:  "No person
shall be permitted under any pretext whatever, to come nearer than
fifty feet of any door or window of any polling room, from the opening
of the polls until the completion of the count and the certification of
the returns."
I hope I bought the right relish ... zzzzzzzzz ...
No one gets sick on Wednesdays.
An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God.  Some of these eyes
we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as possible.
		-- Russell Hoban, "Pilgermann"
A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
		-- Paul Valery
Peanut Blossoms

4 cups sugar           16 tbsp. milk
4 cups brown sugar     4 tsp. vanilla
4 cups shortening      14 cups flour
8 eggs                 4 tsp. soda
4 cups peanut butter   4 tsp. salt

Shape dough into balls.  Roll in sugar and bake on ungreased cookie
sheet at 375 F. for 10-12 minutes.  Immediately top each cookie with a
Hershey's kiss or star pressing down firmly to crack cookie.  Makes a
heck of a lot.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds
will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
"The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time. The 
terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency."
-- Albert Einstein
Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.
And tomorrow will be like today, only more so.
		-- Isaiah 56:12, New Standard Version
character density, n.:
	The number of very weird people in the office.
Mosher's Law of Software Engineering:
	Don't worry if it doesn't work right.  If everything did, you'd
	be out of a job.
We prefer to believe that the absence of inverted commas guarantees the
originality of a thought, whereas it may be merely that the utterer has
forgotten its source.
		-- Clifton Fadiman, "Any Number Can Play"
I can't mate in captivity.
		-- Gloria Steinem, on why she has never married.
What good is a ticket to the good life, if you can't find the entrance?
Actually, typing random strings in the Finder does the equivalent of
filename completion.
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands: file
completion vs. the Mac Finder.)
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
	Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice
and tragedy.  What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the
master calls a butterfly.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
He who knows not and knows that he knows not is ignorant.  Teach him.
He who knows not and knows not that he knows not is a fool.  Shun him.
He who knows and knows not that he knows is asleep.  Wake him.
The alarm clock that is louder than God's own belongs to the roommate with
the earliest class.
The Heineken Uncertainty Principle:
	You can never be sure how many beers you had last night.
	A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the
house of seven gobbles.
A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed
on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new
game.  Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the
pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly
along it at the water's edge.  Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their
heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn
around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite
direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.  Then, the
paper reports "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin
colony and overfly it.  Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins
fall over gently onto their backs.
		-- Audobon Society Magazine
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
	-- Jean Cocteau
millihelen, n.:
	The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
Why do seagulls live near the sea?  'Cause if they lived near the bay,
they'd be called baygulls.
I saw Lassie.  It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never
spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series?
Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
		-- Fred Allen
So much
depends
upon
a red

wheel
barrow
glazed with

rain
water
beside
the white
chickens.
		-- William Carlos Williams, "The Red Wheel Barrow"
"The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by mean of zeal,
well-meaning but without understanding."
-- Justice Louis O. Brandeis (Olmstead vs. United States)
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday
they might force their beliefs on us.
		-- Mario Cuomo
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
The most common form of marriage proposal: "YOU'RE WHAT!?"
* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.
There is a fly on your nose.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain
'Twas the night before crisis, and all through the house,
	Not a program was working not even a browse.
The programmers were wrung out too mindless to care,
	Knowing chances of cutover hadn't a prayer.
The users were nestled all snug in their beds,
	While visions of inquiries danced in their heads.
When out in the lobby there arose such a clatter,
	I sprang from my tube to see what was the matter.
And what to my wondering eyes should appear,
	But a Super Programmer, oblivious to fear.
More rapid than eagles, his programs they came,
	And he whistled and shouted and called them by name;
On Update!  On Add!  On Inquiry!  On Delete!
	On Batch Jobs!  On Closing!  On Functions Complete!
His eyes were glazed over, his fingers were lean,
	From Weekends and nights in front of a screen.
A wink of his eye, and a twist of his head,
	Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread...
		-- "Twas the Night before Crisis"
Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.
"Roman Polanski makes his own blood.  He's smart -- that's why his movies work."
-- A brilliant director at "Frank's Place"
Oxygen is a very toxic gas and an extreme fire hazard.  It is fatal in
concentrations of as little as 0.000001 p.p.m.  Humans exposed to the
oxygen concentrations die within a few minutes.  Symptoms resemble very
much those of cyanide poisoning (blue face, etc.).  In higher
concentrations, e.g. 20%, the toxic effect is somewhat delayed and it
takes about 2.5 billion inhalations before death takes place.  The reason
for the delay is the difference in the mechanism of the toxic effect of
oxygen in 20% concentration.  It apparently contributes to a complex
process called aging, of which very little is known, except that it is
always fatal.

However, the main disadvantage of the 20% oxygen concentration is in the
fact it is habit forming.  The first inhalation (occurring at birth) is
sufficient to make oxygen addiction permanent.  After that, any
considerable decrease in the daily oxygen doses results in death with
symptoms resembling those of cyanide poisoning.

Oxygen is an extreme fire hazard.  All of the fires that were reported in
the continental U.S. for the period of the past 25 years were found to be
due to the presence of this gas in the atmosphere surrounding the buildings
in question.

Oxygen is especially dangerous because it is odorless, colorless and
tasteless, so that its presence can not be readily detected until it is
too late.
		-- Chemical & Engineering News February 6, 1956
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
		-- Frank Zappa
Sleep is for the weak and sickly.
As well look for a needle in a bottle of hay.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Article the Third:
	Where a crime of the kidneys has been committed, the accused should
	enjoy the right to a speedy diaper change.  Public announcements and
	guided tours of the aforementioned are not necessary.
Article the Fourth:
	The decision to eat strained lamb or not should be with the "feedee"
	and not the "feeder".  Blowing the strained lamb into the feeder's
	face should be accepted as an opinion, not as a declaration of war.
Article the Fifth:
	Babies should enjoy the freedom to vocalize, whether it be in church,
	a public meeting place, during a movie, or after hours when the
	lights are out.  They have not yet learned that joy and laughter have
	to last a lifetime and must be conserved.
		-- Erma Bombeck, "A Baby's Bill of Rights"
Cursor, n.:
	One whose program will not run.
		-- Robb Russon
Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging alimony, that
reckless generosity which is found only in men who are giving away
someone else's cash.
		-- P.G. Wodehouse, "Louder and Funnier"
The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
		-- Nicol Williamson
Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.
You can't fall off the floor.
Coming together is a beginning;
	keeping together is progress;
		working together is success.
Populus vult decipi.
	[The people like to be deceived.]
You have a truly strong individuality.
QOTD:
	"I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza... I might play
	golf with her, but I wouldn't marry her!"
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
The Golden Rule of Arts and Sciences:
	He who has the gold makes the rules.
Recipe for a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster:
	(1) Take the juice from one bottle of Ol' Janx Spirit
	(2) Pour into it one measure of water from the seas of
		Santraginus V  (Oh, those Santraginean fish!)
	(3) Allow 3 cubes of Arcturan Mega-gin to melt into the
		mixture (properly iced or the benzine is lost.)
	(4) Allow four liters of Fallian marsh gas to bubble through it.
	(5) Over the back of a silver spoon, float a measure of
		Qualactin Hypermint extract.
	(6) Drop in the tooth of an Algolian Suntiger.  Watch it dissolve.
	(7) Sprinkle Zamphuor.
	(8) Add an olive.
	(9) Drink... but... very carefully...
	If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs
around your home are too difficult to tackle.  So, when your furnace
explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it.  The
"professional" arrives in a truck with lettering on the sides and deposits a
large quantity of tools and two assistants who spend the better part of the
week in your basement whacking objects at random with heavy wrenches, after
which the "professional" returns and gives you a bill for slightly more
money than it would cost you to run a successful campaign for the U.S.
Senate.
	And that's why you've decided to start doing things yourself. You
figure, "If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I.  How difficult can
it be?"
	Very difficult.  In fact, most home projects are impossible, which
is why you should do them yourself.  There is no point in paying other
people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up yourself for far
less money.  This article can help you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
A star captain's most solemn oath is that he will give his life, even
his entire crew, rather than violate the Prime Directive.
		-- Kirk, "The Omega Glory", stardate unknown
Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society.
		-- Mark Twain
Great American Axiom:
	Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.
In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room
humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network
anyway.
		-- The 5th Wave
YOU PICKED KARL MALDEN'S NOSE!!
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Portrait of Mr. W.H."
The opposite of talking isn't listening.  The opposite of talking is waiting.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
Coronation, n.:
	The ceremony of investing a sovereign with the outward and visible
	signs of his divine right to be blown skyhigh with a dynamite bomb.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
		-- W.E. Hickson
I just heard the SEVENTIES were over!!  And I was just getting in touch
with my LEISURE SUIT!!
"The voters have spoken, the bastards..."
-- unknown
... The book is worth attention for only two reasons:  (1) it attacks
attempts to expose sham paranormal studies; and (2) it is very well and
plausibly written and so rather harder to dismiss or refute by simple
jeering.
- Harry Eagar, reviewing "Beyond the Quantum" by Michael Talbot,
   The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, ppg. 200-201
A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and
observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.  As
they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
	The doctor watches for a while and says: "Keep pumping, men, you may
yet save her!!"
	The mathematician does some calculations and says: "According to my
understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water
from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and
6 feet high."
	The engineer says: "I think she's sitting in a puddle."
Insanity is considered a ground for divorce, though by the very same
token it is the shortest detour to marriage.
		-- Wilson Mizner
The revolution will not be televised.
... I see TOILET SEATS ...
The Junior God now heads the roll
In the list of heaven's peers;
He sits in the House of High Control,
And he regulates the spheres.
Yet does he wonder, do you suppose,
If, even in gods divine,
The best and wisest may not be those
Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
		-- Robert W. Service
IN MY OPINION anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out
becoming pure energy.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
Benny Hill:	Would you like a peanut?
Girl:		No, thank you, I don't want to be under obligation.
Benny Hill:	You won't be under obligation for a peanut.  
		It's not as if it were a chocolate bar or something.
I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine
If I could read your mind, love,
What a tale your thoughts could tell,
Just like a paperback novel,
The kind the drugstore sells,
When you reach the part where the heartaches come,
The hero would be me,
Heroes often fail,
You won't read that book again, because
	the ending is just too hard to take.

I walk away, like a movie star,
Who gets burned in a three way script,
Enter number two,
A movie queen to play the scene
Of bringing all the good things out in me,
But for now, love, let's be real
I never thought I could act this way,
And I've got to say that I just don't get it,
I don't know where we went wrong but the feeling is gone
And I just can't get it back...
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "If You Could Read My Mind"
Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic
value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is
much too large to implement.  Most computer scientists don't notice
this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.
I would gladly raise my voice in praise of women, only they won't let me
raise my voice.
		-- Winkle
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Tell me, O Octopus, I begs,
Is those things arms, or is they legs?
I marvel at thee, Octopus;
If I were thou, I'd call me us.
		-- Ogden Nash
For thirty years a certain man went to spend every evening with Mme. ___.
When his wife died his friends believed he would marry her, and urged
him to do so.  "No, no," he said: "if I did, where should I have to
spend my evenings?"
		-- Chamfort
Rincewind had generally been considered by his tutors to be a natural wizard
in the same way that fish are natural mountaineers.  He probably would have
been thrown out of Unseen University anyway--he couldn't remember spells and
smoking made him feel ill.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.
"Ada is the work of an architect, not a computer scientist."
- Jean Icbiah, inventor of Ada, weenie
QOTD:
	"I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying."
"You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but
only for a limited period of time.  Why should we think that collectively,
as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?"
-- Ronald Reagan
McDonald's -- Because you're worth it.
"We will bury you."
-- Nikita Kruschev
We are all dying -- and we're gonna be dead for a long time.
Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
		-- T.S. Eliot, "Four Quartets: Burnt Norton"
Work is the crab grass in the lawn of life.
		-- Schulz
The Bible on letters of reference:

	Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?  Do
we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any
man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
		-- 2 Corinthians 3:1-2, New English translation
If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from
many it's research.
		-- Wilson Mizner
Q:	What is the difference between a duck?
A:	One leg is both the same.
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre.
		-- Sam Goldwyn
Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely want to help you
could agree with each other?
A Thaum is the basic unit of magical strength.  It has been universally
established as the amount of magic needed to create one small white pigeon
or three normal sized billiard balls.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.  This
is untrue.  Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the
last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give
enough.
		-- Quentin Crisp, "How to Become a Virgin"
I'm just as sad as sad can be!
	I've missed your special date.
Please say that you're not mad at me
	My tax return is late.
		-- Modern Lines for Modern Greeting Cards
The man who runs may fight again.
		-- Menander
Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
		-- Erwin Tomash
There's one fool at least in every married couple.
I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.
He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild and heavy
presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned all hope of ever
behaving "normally."
		-- Hunter S. Thompson, "Fear and Loathing '72"
Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a
fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
		-- Montesquieu
Never ask two questions in a business letter.  The reply will discuss
the one you are least interested, and say nothing about the other.
"The Soviet Union, which has complained recently about alleged anti-Soviet 
themes in American advertising, lodged an official protest this week against 
the Ford Motor Company's new campaign: `Hey you stinking fat Russian, get
 off my Ford Escort.'"
-- Dennis Miller, Saturday Night Live
unfair competition, n.:
	Selling cheaper than we do.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be
boss and work twelve.
		-- Robert Frost
... he dominates the DECADENT SUBWAY SCENE.
He who minds his own business is never unemployed.
The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- B. Franklin
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it."
- Bert Lantz
Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "The Tempest"
When you find yourself in danger,
When you're threatened by a stranger,
When it looks like you will take a lickin'...

There is one thing you should learn,
When there is no one else to turn to,
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!    (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**)
	Caaaall for Super Chicken!!
XI:
	If the Earth could be made to rotate twice as fast, managers would
	get twice as much done.  If the Earth could be made to rotate twenty
	times as fast, everyone else would get twice as much done since all
	the managers would fly off.
XII:
	It costs a lot to build bad products.
XIII:
	There are many highly successful businesses in the United States.
	There are also many highly paid executives.  The policy is not to
	intermingle the two.
XIV:
	After the year 2015, there will be no airplane crashes.  There will
	be no takeoffs either, because electronics will occupy 100 percent
	of every airplane's weight.
XV:
	The last 10 percent of performance generates one-third of the cost
	and two-thirds of the problems.
		-- Norman Augustine
You are here:   
		***
		***
	     *********
	      *******
	       *****
		***
		 *

		 But you're not all there.
Try not.
Do.
Or do not.
There is no try.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
		-- Lily Tomlin
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do
the work.
		-- John G. Pollard
Thirteen at a table is unlucky only when the hostess has only twelve chops.
		-- Groucho Marx
QOTD:
	I opened Pandora's box, let the cat out of the bag and put the
	ball in their court.
		-- Hon. J. Hacker (The Ministry of Administrative Affairs)
"We invented a new protocol and called it Kermit, after Kermit the Frog,
star of "The Muppet Show." [3]

[3]  Why?  Mostly because there was a Muppets calendar on the wall when we
were trying to think of a name, and Kermit is a pleasant, unassuming sort of
character.  But since we weren't sure whether it was OK to name our protocol
after this popular television and movie star, we pretended that KERMIT was an
acronym; unfortunately, we could never find a good set of words to go with the
letters, as readers of some of our early source code can attest.  Later, while
looking through a name book for his forthcoming baby, Bill Catchings noticed
that "Kermit" was a Celtic word for "free", which is what all Kermit programs
should be, and words to this effect replaced the strained acronyms in our
source code (Bill's baby turned out to be a girl, so he had to name her Becky
instead).  When BYTE Magazine was preparing our 1984 Kermit article for
publication, they suggested we contact Henson Associates Inc. for permission
to say that we did indeed name the protocol after Kermit the Frog.  Permission
was kindly granted, and now the real story can be told.  I resisted the
temptation, however, to call the present work "Kermit the Book."
		-- Frank da Cruz, "Kermit - A File Transfer Protocol"
Q:	What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
A:	A nervous wreck.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely 
larger than others.
Whenever people agree with me, I always think I must be wrong.
- Oscar Wilde
The First Rule of Program Optimization:
	Don't do it.

The Second Rule of Program Optimization (for experts only!):
	Don't do it yet.
		-- Michael Jackson
Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.
does your DRESSING ROOM have enough ASPARAGUS?
SHHHH!!  I hear SIX TATTOOED TRUCK-DRIVERS tossing ENGINE BLOCKS into
empty OIL DRUMS ...
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
The rules:
	 (1) Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
	 (2) Thou shalt not impersonate Liberace or eat watermelon while
	      sitting at the console keyboard.
	 (3) Thou shalt not slap users on the face, nor staple their silly
	     little card decks together.
	 (4) Thou shalt not get physically involved with the computer system,
	     especially if you're already married.
	 (5) Thou shalt not use magnetic tapes as frisbees, nor use a disk
	     pack as a stool to reach another disk pack.
	 (6) Thou shalt not stare at the blinking lights for more than one
	     eight hour shift.
	 (7) Thou shalt not tell users that you accidentally destroyed their
	     files/backup just to see the look on their little faces.
	 (8) Thou shalt not enjoy cancelling a job.
	 (9) Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
	(10) Thou shalt not push buttons "just to see what happens".
Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand
If in doubt, mumble.
Am I ranting?  I hope so.  My ranting gets raves.
I do not fear computers.  I fear the lack of them.
		-- Isaac Asimov
Where am I?  Who am I?  Am I?  I
	Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly
after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely,
"Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so
charming a wife."
"To IBM, 'open' means there is a modicum of interoperability among some of their
equipment."
-- Harv Masterson
Certain passages in several laws have always defied interpretation and the
most inexplicable must be a matter of opinion.  A judge of the Court of
Session of Scotland has sent the editors of this book his candidate which
reads, "In the Nuts (unground), (other than ground nuts) Order, the expression
nuts shall have reference to such nuts, other than ground nuts, as would
but for this amending Order not qualify as nuts (unground) (other than ground
nuts) by reason of their being nuts (unground)."
		-- Guiness Book of World Records, 1973
Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!)
Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace,
And saw, within the moonlight in his room,
Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom,
An angel writing in a book of gold.
Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold,
And to the presence in the room he said,
"What writest thou?"  The vision raised its head,
And with a look made of all sweet accord,
Answered, "The names of those who love the Lord."
"And is mine one?" said Abou. "Nay not so,"
Replied the angel.  Abou spoke more low,
But cheerly still; and said, "I pray thee then,
Write me as one that loves his fellow-men."
The angel wrote, and vanished.  The next night
It came again with a great wakening light,
And showed the names whom love of God had blessed,
And lo!  Ben Adhem's name led all the rest.
		-- James Henry Leigh Hunt, "Abou Ben Adhem"
Most people eat as though they were fattening themselves for market.
		-- E.W. Howe
Those who do things in a noble spirit of self-sacrifice are to be avoided
at all costs.
		-- N. Alexander.
When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
		-- S. Johnson
Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from.  And when
you're on the lam like me, you appreciate a good cup of coffee.
		-- "Great Train Robber" Ronald Biggs' coffee commercial
What the gods would destroy they first submit to an IEEE standards committee.
Punishment becomes ineffective after a certain point.  Men become insensitive.
		-- Eneg, "Patterns of Force", stardate 2534.7
"Card readers?  We don't need no stinking card readers."
-- Peter da Silva (at the National Academy of Sciencies, 1965, in a
   particularly vivid fantasy)
Bugs, pl. n.:
	Small living things that small living boys throw on small living girls.
His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.
Live long and prosper.
		-- Spock, "Amok Time", stardate 3372.7
Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.
Blue paint today.
		[Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.  Ed.]
People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.
I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.
One picture is worth 128K words.
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are
men who want rain without thunder and lightning.  They want the ocean
without the roar of its many waters.
		-- Frederick Douglass
In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is;
you're what's left.
Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson
An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
Once there was this conductor see, who had a bass problem.  You see, during
a portion of Beethovan's Ninth Symphony in which there are no bass violin
parts, one of the bassists always passed a bottle of scotch around.  So,
to remind himself that the basses usually required an extra cue towards the
end of the symphony, the conductor would fasten a piece of string around the
page of the score before the bass cue.  As the basses grew more and more
inebriated, two of them fell asleep.  The conductor grew quite nervous (he
was very concerned about the pitch) because it was the bottom of the ninth;
the score was tied and the basses were loaded with two out.
"Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence"
		-- Time Bandits
You work very hard.  Don't try to think as well.
I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know
how bad I am.
		-- Samuel Johnson
	Once upon a time there were three brothers who were knights
in a certain kingdom.  And, there was a Princess in a neighboring kingdom
who was of marriageable age.  Well, one day, in full armour, their horses,
and their page, the three brothers set off to see if one of them could
win her hand.  The road was long and there were many obstacles along the
way, robbers to be overcome, hard terrain to cross.  As they coped with
each obstacle they became more and more disgusted with their page.  He was
not only inept, he was a coward, he could not handle the horses, he was,
in short, a complete flop.  When they arrived at the court of the kingdom,
they found that they were expected to present the Princess with some
treasure.  The two older brothers were discouraged, since they had not
thought of this and were unprepared.  The youngest, however, had the
answer:  Promise her anything, but give her our page.
Age is a tyrant who forbids, at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.
	"What happened to the crewman?"
	"The M-5 computer needed a new power source, the crewman merely got in
the way."
		-- Kirk and Dr. Richard Daystrom, "The Ultimate Computer",
		   stardate 4731.3.
It is your destiny.
- Darth Vader
I'm not available for comment..
The two most beautiful words in the English language are "Cheque Enclosed."
		-- Dorothy Parker
The idea is to die young as late as possible.
		-- Ashley Montague
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
	-- Lily Tomlin
"A dirty mind is a joy forever."
-- Randy Kunkee
Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.  I
will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.  The Spirits of all
Three shall strive within me.  I will not shut out the lessons that they
teach.  Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the writing on this stone!
		-- Charles Dickens
Keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo.
Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
		-- Don Reed
The most serious doubt that has been thrown on the authenticity of the
biblical miracles is the fact that most of the witnesses in regard to
them were fishermen.
		-- Arthur Binstead
	How many seconds are there in a year?  If I tell you there  are
3.155  x  10^7, you won't even try to remember it.  On the other hand,
who could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a
nanocentury.
		-- Tom Duff, Bell Labs
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
Abstainer, n.:
	A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a
	pleasure.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
There must be at least 500,000,000 rats in the United States; of course,
I never heard the story before.
Kath: Can he be present at the birth of his child?
Ed: It's all any reasonable child can expect if the dad is present
	at the conception.
		-- Joe Orton, "Entertaining Mr. Sloane"
An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening.
		-- Marlon Brando
Some primal termite knocked on wood.
And tasted it, and found it good.
And that is why your Cousin May
Fell through the parlor floor today.
		-- Ogden Nash
Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer knowing the value of
everything and the Wirth of nothing?
Don't expect people to keep in step--it's hard enough just staying in line.
"It's in process":
	So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.
"Your butt is mine."
-- Michael Jackson, Bad
One of your most ancient writers, a historian named Herodotus, tells of a
thief who was to be executed.  As he was taken away he made a bargain with
the king: in one year he would teach the king's favorite horse to sing
hymns.  The other prisoners watched the thief singing to the horse and
laughed.  "You will not succeed," they told him.  "No one can."
	To which the thief replied, "I have a year, and who knows what might
happen in that time.  The king might die.  The horse might die.  I might die.
And perhaps the horse will learn to sing.
		-- "The Mote in God's Eye", Niven and Pournelle
"Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore would allow such a
conventional thing to happen to him."
		-- John Barrymore's dying words
Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
		-- G. Blaauw, one of the designers of System 360
Remember:  Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
-- Dave Butler
Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
"Help Mr. Wizard!"
-- Tennessee Tuxedo
Machine-Independent, adj.:
	Does not run on any existing machine.
Ya'll hear about the geometer who went to the beach to catch some
rays and became a tangent ?
When among apes, one must play the ape.
The public demands certainties;  it must be told definitely and a bit
raucously that this is true and that is false.  But there are no certainties.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "Prejudice"
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence.  There's a
knob called "brightness", but it doesn't seem to work.
		-- Gallagher
So you think that money is the root of all evil.  Have you ever asked what
is the root of money?
		-- Ayn Rand
Good morning.  This is the telephone company.  Due to repairs, we're
giving you advance notice that your service will be cut off indefinitely
at ten o'clock.  That's two minutes from now.
Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away,
Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play,
Either light up or leave me alone.
Poverty begins at home.
It takes a smart husband to have the last word and not use it.
Necessity has no law.
		-- St. Augustine
When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.  By the time I was
20, he had made great improvement.
Government's Law:
	There is an exception to all laws.
The sum of the Universe is zero.
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly.
Only two groups of people fall for flattery -- men and women.
You're using a keyboard!  How quaint!
Dear Freshman,
	You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but
unknown to you we have something in common.  We are both rather
prone to mistakes.  I was elected Student Government President by
mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.
Labor, n.:
	One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
I'm not the person your mother warned you about... her imagination isn't
that good.
		-- Amy Gorin
Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start
coming in late and lying about it.
Never have so many understood so little about so much.
		-- James Burke
If I could read your mind, love,
What a tale your thoughts could tell,
Just like a paperback novel,
The kind the drugstore sells,
When you reach the part where the heartaches come,
The hero would be me,
Heroes often fail,
You won't read that book again, because
	the ending is just too hard to take.

I walk away, like a movie star,
Who gets burned in a three way script,
Enter number two,
A movie queen to play the scene
Of bringing all the good things out in me,
But for now, love, let's be real
I never thought I could act this way,
And I've got to say that I just don't get it,
I don't know where we went wrong but the feeling is gone
And I just can't get it back...
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "If You Could Read My Mind"
"It is easier to fight for principles than to live up to them."
-- Alfred Adler
With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time
they make a law it's a joke.
		-- Will Rogers
Pournelle must die!
	A program should be light and agile, its subroutines connected like a
strings of pearls.  The spirit and intent of the program should be retained
throughout.  There should be neither too little nor too much, neither needless
loops nor useless variables, neither lack of structure nor overwhelming
rigidity.
	A program should follow the 'Law of Least Astonishment'.  What is this
law?  It is simply that the program should always respond to the user in the
way that astonishes him least.
	A program, no matter how complex, should act as a single unit.  The
program should be directed by the logic within rather than by outward
appearances.
	If the program fails in these requirements, it will be in a state of
disorder and confusion.  The only way to correct this is to rewrite the
program.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Oreo.
Knock, knock!
	Who's there?
Sam and Janet.
	Sam and Janet who?
Sam and Janet Evening...
The salary of the chief executive of the large corporation is not a market
award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal
gesture by the individual to himself.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith, "Annals of an Abiding Liberal"
You may be right, I may be crazy,
But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for!
		-- Billy Joel
Asked how she felt being the first woman to make a major-league team, she
said, "Like a pig in mud," or words to that effect, and then turned and
released a squirt of tobacco juice from the wad of rum soaked plug in her
right cheek.  She chewed a rare brand of plug called Stuff It, which she
learned to chew when she was playing Nicaraguan summer ball.  She told the
writers, "They were so mean to me down there you couldn't write it in your
newspaper.  I took a gun everywhere I went, even to bed.  *Especially* to
bed.  Guys were after me like you can't believe.  That's when I started
chewing tobacco -- because no matter how bad anybody treats you, it's not
as bad as this.  This is the worst chew in the world.  After this,
everything else is peaches and cream."  The writers elected Gentleman Jim,
the Sparrow's P.R. guy, to bite off a chunk and tell them how it tasted,
and as he sat and chewed it tears ran down his old sunburnt cheeks and he
couldn't talk for a while. Then he whispered, "You've been chewing this for
two years?  God, I had no idea it was so hard to be a woman."
		-- Garrison Keillor
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
After living in New York, you trust nobody, but you believe everything.
Just in case.
Theory is gray, but the golden tree of life is green.
		-- Goethe
Optimization hinders evolution.
There are three things men can do with women: love them, suffer for them,
or turn them into literature.
		-- Stephen Stills
Humor in the Court:
Q.  Mrs. Smith, do you believe that you are emotionally unstable?
A.  I should be.
Q.  How many times have you comitted suicide?
A.  Four times.
	It appears that after his death, Albert Einstein found himself
working as the doorkeeper at the Pearly Gates.  One slow day, he
found that he had time to chat with the new entrants.  To the first one
he asked, "What's your IQ?"  The new arrival replied, "190".  They
discussed Einstein's theory of relativity for hours.  When the second
new arrival came, Einstein once again inquired as to the newcomer's
IQ.  The answer this time came "120".  To which Einstein replied, "Tell
me, how did the Cubs do this year?" and they proceeded to talk for half
an hour or so.  To the final arrival, Einstein once again posed the
question, "What's your IQ?".  Upon receiving the answer "70",
Einstein smiled and replied, "Got a minute to tell me about VMS 4.0?"
That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.
It has been said [by Anatole France], "it is not by amusing oneself
that one learns," and, in reply: "it is *____only* by amusing oneself that
one can learn."
		-- Edward Kasner and James R. Newman
Never play pool with anyone named "Fats".
When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.  By the time I was
20, he had made great improvement.
"We all know Linux is great...it does infinite loops in 5 seconds."
(Linus Torvalds about the superiority of Linux on the Amterdam
Linux Symposium)
Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
		-- Lord Kelvin, President, Royal Society, c. 1895
"The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them."
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"
I'm receiving a coded message from EUBIE BLAKE!!
	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.
He knew the tavernes well in every toun.
		-- Geoffrey Chaucer
I've always made it a solemn practice to never drink anything stronger
than tequila before breakfast.
		-- R. Nesson
Truth is free, but information costs.
I'm ZIPPY the PINHEAD and I'm totally committed to the festive mode.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
		-- Milton Friendman
The meek are contesting the will.
While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
If all the world's economists were laid end to end, we wouldn't reach a
conclusion.
		-- William Baumol
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free,
... it expects what never was and never will be.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
Girls really do know just what they want -- you to figure it out for yourself!
-- Neophyte's serendipity.
-- Exclusive dedication to necessitious chores without interludes of
	hedonistic diversion renders John a hebetudinous fellow.
-- A revolving concretion of earthy or mineral matter accumulates no
	congeries of small, green bryophytic plant.
-- The person presenting the ultimate cachinnation possesses thereby the
	optimal cachinnation.
-- Abstention from any aleatory undertaking precludes a potential
	escallation of a lucrative nature.
-- Missiles of ligneous or osteal consistency have the potential of
	fracturing osseous structure, but appellations will eternally
	remain innocuous.
Old timer, n.:
	One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.
Horngren's Observation:
	Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
Neuroses are red,
	Melancholia's blue.
I'm schizophrenic,
	What are you?
QOTD:
	"It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out."
It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level
language named "research student".
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
		-- George Herbert
Satire is what closes Saturday night.
		-- George Kaufman
When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.  By the time I was
20, he had made great improvement.
A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and
licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.
		-- Dr. Boyce, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage"), stardate unknown
UNIX enhancements aren't.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
		-- George Gobel
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.
			 ___====-_  _-====___
		  _--~~~#####// '  ` \\#####~~~--_
		-~##########// (    ) \\##########~-_
	       -############//  |\^^/|  \\############-
	     _~############//   (O||O)   \\############~_ 
	    ~#############((     \\//     ))#############~  
	   -###############\\    (oo)    //###############-
	  -#################\\  / `' \  //#################- 
	 -###################\\/  ()  \//###################-
	_#/|##########/\######(  (())  )######/\##########|\#_
	|/ |#/\#/\#/\/  \#/\##|  \()/  |##/\#/  \/\#/\#/\#| \|
	`  |/  V  V  `   V  )||  |()|  ||(  V   '  V /\  \|  '
	   `   `  `      `  / |  |()|  | \  '      '<||>  '
			   (  |  |()|  |  )\        /|/
			  __\ |__|()|__| /__\______/|/
			 (vvv(vvvv)(vvvv)vvv)______|/
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
		-- Abbie Hoffman
Keep the phase, baby.
The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she knows
that the average man can see much better than he can think.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal
We'll cross that bridge when we come back to it later.
This cultural mystique surrounding the biological function -- you
realize humans are overly preoccupied with the subject.
		-- Kelinda the Kelvan, "By Any Other Name", stardate 4658.9
Before marriage the three little words are "I love you," after marriage
they are "Let's eat out."
You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
I call them as I see them.  If I can't see them, I make them up.
		-- Biff Barf
It is not good for a man to be without knowledge,
and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
		-- Proverbs 19:2
It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.
I want to so HAPPY, the VEINS in my neck STAND OUT!!
Valerie: Aww, Tom, you're going maudlin on me ...
Tom:	 I reserve the right to wax maudlin as I wane eloquent ...
		-- Tom Chapin
Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be
worse in Cleveland.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
Who will take care of the world after you're gone?
Never use "etc." -- it makes people think there is more where there is not
or that there is not space to list it all, etc.
Johnson's law:
	Systems resemble the organizations that create them.
Happiness, n.:
	An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
hacker, n.:
	A master byter.
Lonely is a man without love.
		-- Englebert Humperdinck
"Flight Reservation systems decide whether or not you exist. If your information
isn't in their database, then you simply don't get to go anywhere."
-- Arthur Miller
"Although Poles suffer official censorship, a pervasive secret
police and laws similar to those in the USSR, there are
thousands of underground publications, a legal independent
Church, private agriculture, and the East bloc's first and only
independent trade union federation, NSZZ Solidarnosc, which is
an affiliate of both the International Confederation of Free
Trade Unions and the World Confederation of Labor.  There is
literally a world of difference between Poland - even in its
present state of collapse - and Soviet society at the peak of
its "glasnost."  This difference has been maintained at great
cost by the Poles since 1944.
-- David Phillips, SUNY at Buffalo, about establishing a
   gateway from EARN (Eurpoean Academic Research Network)
   to Poland
Trying to establish voice contact ... please ____yell into keyboard.
	"We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.  We
had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?" said
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
		-- The Washington Post, February, 1988

The New Yorker's comment:
	At Harvard they'd call it a noun.
I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.
The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.
	"Uncle Cosmo ... why do they call this a word processor?"
	"It's simple, Skyler ... you've seen what food processors do to food,
right?"
		-- MacNelley, "Shoe"
Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.
"I have more information in one place than anybody in the world."  
-- Jerry Pournelle, an absurd notion, apparently about the BIX BBS
Half a mind is a terrible thing to waste!
Symptom:		Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction, beer is
			unusually pale and clear.
Problem:		Glass empty.
Action Required:	Find someone who will buy you another beer.

Symptom:		Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction,
			and the front of your shirt is wet.
Fault:			Mouth not open when drinking or glass applied to
			wrong part of face.
Action Required:	Buy another beer and practice in front of mirror.
			Drink as many as needed to perfect drinking technique.
		-- Bar Troubleshooting
When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts,
she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind
it less and less."
		-- Louise Andrews Kent
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
There seems no plan because it is all plan.
		-- C.S. Lewis
Seen on a button at an SF Convention:
Veteran of the Bermuda Triangle Expeditionary Force.  1990-1951.
-- 
-- uunet!sugar!karl  | "We've been following your progress with considerable 
-- karl@sugar.uu.net |  interest, not to say contempt."  -- Zaphod Beeblebrox IV
-- Usenet BBS (713) 438-5018


From karl@sugar.hackercorp.com Sat Apr 29 10:46:20 1989
From: karl@sugar.hackercorp.com (Karl Lehenbauer)
Subject: Fortune cookie file, part 07 of 06

Below is the latest addition to my fortune cookie file, 40212 bytes of mirth
and merriment.  

This file contains a lot of quotes from peoples' postings on Usenet.  After I 
had been doing this a while, I began including their net addresses as well.

Enjoy, or hit 'n'...

-------------------- cut it here, dude ------------------------------
All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.
It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
		-- Alexander Korda
	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.
	"I was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- A. Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"
Neckties strangle clear thinking.
		-- Lin Yutang
To downgrade the human mind is bad theology.
- C. K. Chesterton
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
		-- W.C. Fields
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him
keep her.
		-- Sacha Guitry
Kissing your hand may make you feel very good, but a diamond and
sapphire bracelet lasts for ever.
		-- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"
Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan
1 bulls, 3 cows.
There must be more to life than having everything.
		-- Maurice Sendak
Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
		-- Voltaire
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have
enlightened him with ours.
"Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile."
-- Karl Lehenbauer
Like you,  I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's
place in the Scheme of Things.  Here are just a few:

	Q -- Is there life after death?
	A -- Definitely.  I speak from personal experience here.  On New
Year's Eve, 1970, I drank a full pitcher of a drink called "Black Russian",
then crawled out on the lawn and died within a matter of minutes, which was
fine with me because I had come to realize that if I had lived I would have
spent the rest of my life in the grip of the most excruciatingly painful
headache.  Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back
to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.  I
guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long
as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
		-- Dave Barry
	When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
"Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!  I'm strapped for cash and I haven't
the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!"
	"I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe.  "I was afraid you
might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"
A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
		-- Dyer
Denver, n.:
	A smallish city located just below the `O' in Colorado.
I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
		-- Plato
Give your very best today.  Heaven knows it's little enough.
Sing hey! for the bath at close of day
That washes the weary mud away!
A loon is he that will not sing:
O! Water Hot is a noble thing!

	O! Sweet is the sound of falling rain,
	and the brook that leaps from hill to plain;
	but better than rain or rippling streams
	is Water Hot that smokes and steams.

O! Water cold we may pour at need
down a thirsty throat and be glad indeed;
but better is Beer, if drink we lack,
and Water Hot poured down the back.

	O! Water is fair that leaps on high
	in a fountain white beneath the sky;
	but never did fountain sound so sweet
	as splashing Hot Water with my feet!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
My face is new, my license is expired, and I'm under a doctor's care!!!!
I thought YOU silenced the guard!
No one can guarantee the actions of another.
		-- Spock, "Day of the Dove", stardate unknown
Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
		-- Kirk, "A Taste of Armageddon", stardate 3193.9
A dead man cannot bite.
		-- Gnaeus Pompeius (Pompey)
Take your Senator to lunch this week.
The worst is enemy of the bad.
It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either.
		-- Kevin White, Mayor of Boston
Each kiss is as the first.
		-- Miramanee, Kirk's wife, "The Paradise Syndrome",
		   stardate 4842.6
Fools ignore complexity.  Pragmatists suffer it.
Some can avoid it.  Geniuses remove it.
-- Perlis's Programming Proverb #58, SIGPLAN Notices, Sept.  1982
People say I live in my own little fantasy world... well, at least they
*know* me there!
		-- D.L. Roth
	"Then what is magic for?" Prince Lir demanded wildly.  "What use is
wizardry if it cannot save a unicorn?"  He gripped the magician's shoulder
hard, to keep from falling.
	Schmendrick did not turn his head.  With a touch of sad mockery in
his voice, he said, "That's what heroes are for."
...
	"Yes, of course," he [Prince Lir] said.  "That is exactly what heroes
are for.  Wizards make no difference, so they say that nothing does, but
heroes are meant to die for unicorns."
		-- Peter Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"
"Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.	 If your ideas are any good, 
you'll have to ram them down people's throats."
 -- Howard Aiken
Delta: We're Amtrak with wings.    -- David Letterman
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
I didn't do it! Nobody saw me do it! Can't prove anything!
                -- Bart Simpson
Biology grows on you.
... I have read the INSTRUCTIONS ...
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper
They also serve who only stand and wait.
		-- John Milton
One promising concept that I came up with right away was that you could
manufacture personal air bags, then get a law passed requiring that they be
installed on congressmen to keep them from taking trips.  Let's say your
congressman was trying to travel to Paris to do a fact-finding study on how
the French government handles diseases transmitted by sherbet.  Just when he
got to the plane, his mandatory air bag, strapped around his waist, would
inflate -- FWWAAAAAAPPPP -- thus rendering him too large to fit through the
plane door.  It could also be rigged to inflate whenever the congressman
proposed a law.  ("Mr. Speaker, people ask me, why should October be
designated as Cuticle Inspection Month?  And I answer that FWWAAAAAAPPPP.")
This would save millions of dollars, so I have no doubt that the public
would violently support a law requiring airbags on congressmen.  The problem
is that your potential market is very small: there are only around 500
members of Congress, and some of them, such as House Speaker "Tip" O'Neil,
are already too large to fit on normal aircraft.
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"
"I don't believe in sweeping social change being manifested by one person, 
unless he has an atomic weapon."
-- Howard Chaykin
[Norm goes into the bar at Vic's Bowl-A-Rama.]

Off-screen crowd:  Norm!
Sam:   How the hell do they know him here?
Cliff: He's got a life, you know.
		-- Cheers, From Beer to Eternity

Woody: What can I do for you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Elope with my wife.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Woody: How's life, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Oh, I'm waiting for the movie.
		-- Cheers, Take My Shirt... Please?
"Can you imagine how life could be improved if we could do away with
jealousy, greed, hate ..."

"It can also be improved by eliminating love, tenderness, sentiment --
the other side of the coin"
		-- Dr. Roger Corby and Kirk, "What are Little Girls Made Of?",
		   stardate 2712.4
"The hands that help are better far than the lips that pray."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
Woman on Street:	Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk.
Winston Churchill:	Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly.
			I shall be sober in the morning.
The District of Columbia has a law forbidding you to exert pressure on
a balloon and thereby cause a whistling sound on the streets.
Join the march to save individuality!
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.  Unless there
are three other people.
		-- Orson Welles
Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee
No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
		-- Quintus Ennius
"I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously."
- Doctor Graper
I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
Howe's Law:
	Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
Elliptic paraboloids for sale.
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
		-- Maya Angelou, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings"
Q:	What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
A:	Zero, because all the Poles are in Eastern Europe!

Addendum: Actually, there ARE some Poles in Western Europe, but they
	are removable!

Q:	An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his
	very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God?
A:	Yes, up to isomorphism!

Q:	What is a compact city?
A:	It's a city that can be guarded by finitely many near-sighted
	policemen!
		-- Peter Lax
Doctors and lawyers must go to school for years and years, often with
little sleep and with great sacrifice to their first wives.
		-- Roy G. Blount, Jr.
	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger
Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too impossibly bad.
		-- Honor'e de Balzac
It is a well known fact that warriors and wizards do not get along, because
one side considers the other side to be a collection of bloodthirsty idiots
who can't walk and think at the same time, while the other side is naturally
suspicious of a body of men who mumble a lot and wear long dresses.  Oh, say
the wizards, if we're going to be like that, then, what about all those
studded collars and oiled muscles down at the Young Men's Pagan Association?
To which the heroes reply, that's a pretty good allegation from a bunch of
wimpsoes who won't go near a woman on account, can you believe it, of their
mystical power being sort of drained out.  Right, say the wizards, that just
about does it, you and your leather posing pouches.  Oh yeah, say the the
heroes, why don't you ...
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
	"Logic and practical information do not seem to apply here."
	"You admit that?"
	"To deny the facts would be illogical, Doctor"
		-- Spock and McCoy, "A Piece of the Action", stardate unknown
Admiration, n.:
	Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
How many QA engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

3: 1 to screw it in and 2 to say "I told you so" when it doesn't work.
Christmas time is here, by Golly;	Kill the turkeys, ducks and chickens;
Disapproval would be folly;		Mix the punch, drag out the Dickens;
Deck the halls with hunks of holly;	Even though the prospect sickens,
Fill the cup and don't say when...	Brother, here we go again.

On Christmas day, you can't get sore;	Relations sparing no expense'll,
Your fellow man you must adore;		Send some useless old utensil,
There's time to rob him all the more,	Or a matching pen and pencil,
The other three hundred and sixty-four!	Just the thing I need... how nice.

It doesn't matter how sincere		Hark The Herald-Tribune sings,
It is, nor how heartfelt the spirit;	Advertising wondrous things.
Sentiment will not endear it;		God Rest Ye Merry Merchants,
What's important is... the price.	May you make the Yuletide pay.
					Angels We Have Heard On High,
Let the raucous sleighbells jingle;	Tell us to go out and buy.
Hail our dear old friend, Kris Kringle,	Sooooo...
Driving his reindeer across the sky,
Don't stand underneath when they fly by!
		-- Tom Lehrer
Sacher's Observation:
	Some people grow with responsibility -- others merely swell.
The Briggs-Chase Law of Program Development:
	To determine how long it will take to write and debug a
	program, take your best estimate, multiply that by two, add
	one, and convert to the next higher units.
Agree with them now, it will save so much time.
	There was a college student trying to earn some pocket money by
going from house to house offering to do odd jobs.  He explained this to
a man who answered one door.
	"How much will you charge to paint my porch?" asked the man.
	"Forty dollars."
	"Fine" said the man, and gave the student the paint and brushes.
	Three hours later the paint-splattered lad knocked on the door again.
"All done!", he says, and collects his money.  "By the way," the student says,
"That's not a Porsche, it's a Ferrari."
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
		-- George Wald
I heard a definition of an intellectual, that I thought was very interesting:
a man who takes more words than are necessary to tell more than he knows.
		-- Dwight D. Eisenhower
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
This is the Baron.  Angel Martin tells me you buy information.  Ok,
meet me at one a.m. behind the bus depot, bring five-hundred dollars
and come alone.  I'm serious!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government
working for you.
		-- Will Rogers
Q:	How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Fifteen.  One to do it, and fourteen to write document number
	GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility,
	of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally
	left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:.....
	consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".
There's enough money here to buy 5000 cans of Noodle-Roni!
A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.
One of the disadvantages of having children is that they eventually get old
enough to give you presents they make at school.
		-- Robert Byrne
Madison's Inquiry:
	If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?
I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke. I think I saw God.
		-- B. Hathrume Duk
What's love but a second-hand emotion?
		-- Tina Turner
"We invented a new protocol and called it Kermit, after Kermit the Frog,
star of "The Muppet Show." [3]

[3]  Why?  Mostly because there was a Muppets calendar on the wall when we
were trying to think of a name, and Kermit is a pleasant, unassuming sort of
character.  But since we weren't sure whether it was OK to name our protocol
after this popular television and movie star, we pretended that KERMIT was an
acronym; unfortunately, we could never find a good set of words to go with the
letters, as readers of some of our early source code can attest.  Later, while
looking through a name book for his forthcoming baby, Bill Catchings noticed
that "Kermit" was a Celtic word for "free", which is what all Kermit programs
should be, and words to this effect replaced the strained acronyms in our
source code (Bill's baby turned out to be a girl, so he had to name her Becky
instead).  When BYTE Magazine was preparing our 1984 Kermit article for
publication, they suggested we contact Henson Associates Inc. for permission
to say that we did indeed name the protocol after Kermit the Frog.  Permission
was kindly granted, and now the real story can be told.  I resisted the
temptation, however, to call the present work "Kermit the Book."
		-- Frank da Cruz, "Kermit - A File Transfer Protocol"
... C++ offers even more flexible control over the visibility of member
objects and member functions.  Specifically, members may be placed in the
public, private, or protected parts of a class.  Members declared in the
public parts are visible to all clients; members declared in the private
parts are fully encapsulated; and members declared in the protected parts
are visible only to the class itself and its subclasses.  C++ also supports
the notion of *_______friends*: cooperative classes that are permitted to see each
other's private parts.
		-- Grady Booch, "Object Oriented Design with Applications"
It's better to be wanted for murder that not to be wanted at all.
		-- Marty Winch
I want to kill everyone here with a cute colorful Hydrogen Bomb!!
This is not the age of pamphleteers. It is the age of the engineers.  The
spark-gap is mightier than the pen.  Democracy will not be salvaged by men
who talk fluently, debate forcefully and quote aptly.
		-- Lancelot Hogben, Science for the Citizen, 1938
Delusions are often functional. A mother's opinions about her children's
beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam, keep her from drowning
them at birth.
"It's what you learn after you know it all that counts."
-- John Wooden
The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog:
	The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog of Billericay displays, in courtship,
	his single prickle and does impressions of Holiday Inn desk clerks.
	Since this means him standing motionless for enormous periods of
	time he is often eaten in full display by The Great Bald Swamp
	Hedgehog Eater.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
Ego sum ens omnipotens.
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.
It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion:
love does not lie in the ear.
		-- Walpole
"Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people"
		-- Blore
algorithm, n.:
	Trendy dance for hip programmers.
If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it,
we would be so simple we couldn't.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Zounds!  I was never so bethumped with words
since I first called my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
No one knows like a woman how to say things that are at once gentle and deep.
		-- Hugo
HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME --
	Take a shot every time:

-- Sergeant Schultz says, "I knoooooowww nooooothing!"
-- General Burkhalter or Major Hochstetter intimidate/insult Colonel Klink.
-- Colonel Klink falls for Colonel Hogan's flattery.
-- One of the prisoners sneaks out of camp (one shot for each prisoner to go).
-- Colonel Klink snaps to attention after answering the phone (two shots
	if it's one of our heroes on the other end).
-- One of the Germans is threatened with being sent to the Russian front.
-- Corporal Newkirk calls up a German in his phoney German accent, and
	tricks him (two shots if it's Colonel Klink).
-- Hogan has a romantic interlude with a beautiful girl from the underground.
-- Colonel Klink relates how he's never had an escape from Stalag 13.
-- Sergeant Schultz gives up a secret (two shots if he's bribed with food).
-- The prisoners listen to the Germans' conversation by a hidden transmitter.
-- Sergeant Schultz "captures" one of the prisoners after an escape.
-- Lebeau pronounces "colonel" as "cuh-loh-`nell".
-- Carter builds some kind of device (two shots if it's not explosive).
-- Lebeau wears his apron.
-- Hogan says "We've got no choice" when someone claims that the plan is
	impossible.
-- The prisoners capture an important German, and sneak him out the tunnel.
Fertility is hereditary.  If your parents didn't have any children,
neither will you.
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE
"SOMEONE ELSE."
Worst Response To A Crisis, 1985:
	From a readers' Q and A column in TV GUIDE: "If we get involved
	in a nuclear war, would the electromagnetic pulses from exploding bombs
	damage my videotapes?"
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
Genderplex, n.:
	The predicament of a person in a restaurant who is unable to
	determine his or her designated restroom (e.g., turtles and tortoises).
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
	-- Lily Tomlin
try again
Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five.  The
reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of
thirty-five.
		-- Joel Hildebrand
Look ere ye leap.
		-- John Heywood
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit,
call it the target.
The Worst American Poet
	Julia Moore, "the Sweet Singer of Michigan" (1847-1920) was so bad that
Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years.
	Her verse was mainly concerned with violent death -- the great fire
of Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her pen.
	Whether death was by drowning, by fits or by runaway sleigh, the
formula was the same:
		Have you heard of the dreadful fate
		Of Mr. P.P. Bliss and wife?
		Of their death I will relate,
		And also others lost their life
		(in the) Ashbula Bridge disaster,
		Where so many people died.
	Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems,
the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a
river or struck by lightning.  A critic of the day said she was "worse than
a Gatling gun" and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded.
	Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even
suggesting that the sweet singer was "semi-literate".  Her reply was
forthright: "The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went
beyond reason."  She added that "literary work is very difficult to do".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
"I am, therefore I am."
-- Akira
Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.
A sense of desolation and uncertainty, of futility, of the baselessness
of aspirations, of the vanity of endeavor, and a thirst for a life giving
water which seems suddenly to have failed, are the signs in conciousness
of this necessary reorganization of our lives.

It is difficult to believe that this state of mind can be produced by the
recognition of such facts as that unsupported stones always fall to the
ground.
		-- J.W.N. Sullivan
I just asked myself... what would John DeLorean do?
		-- Raoul Duke
Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F.M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"
Revolution, n.:
	A form of government abroad.
What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
		-- Aristotle
Time washes clean
Love's wounds unseen.
That's what someone told me;
But I don't know what it means.
		-- Linda Ronstadt, "Long Long Time"
I want to marry a girl just like the girl that married dear old dad.
		-- Freud
Life -- Love It or Leave It.
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier
to do.
If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine
On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague:

"This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong."
		-- Wolfgang Pauli
The two things that can get you into trouble quicker than anything else
are fast women and slow horses.
The groundhog is like most other prophets; it delivers its message and then
disappears.
You are capable of planning your future.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
	One day it was announced that the young monk Kyogen had reached
an enlightened state.  Much impressed by this news, several of his peers
went to speak with him.
	"We have heard that you are enlightened.  Is this true?" his fellow
students inquired.
	"It is", Kyogen answered.
	"Tell us", said a friend, "how do you feel?"
	"As miserable as ever", replied the enlightened Kyogen.
You can't push on a string.
Adam was but human--this explains it all.  He did not want the apple for the
apple's sake, he wanted it only because it was forbidden.  The mistake was in
not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutang trying to play the violin.
		-- Honor'e DeBalzac
The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh 
restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks, 
dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.  She
sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table,
then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned
to the waiter and said, "We'll have two of whatever she was drinking."
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Yow!  And then we could sit on the hoods of cars at stop lights!
Drinking is not a spectator sport.
		-- Jim Brosnan
Example is not the main thing in influencing others.  It is the only thing.
		-- Albert Schweitzer
I'm receiving a coded message from EUBIE BLAKE!!
Real programmers don't comment their code.  It was hard to write, it
should be hard to understand.
The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of
management is that success equals skill.
		-- Robert Heller
The 357.73 Theory:
	Auditors always reject expense accounts
	with a bottom line divisible by 5.
The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a remarkable
Christian forbearance among men.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but
that's the way to bet.
		-- Damon Runyon
What the hell is it good for?
		-- Robert Lloyd (engineer of the Advanced Computing Systems
		   Division of IBM), to colleagues who insisted that the
		   microprocessor was the wave of the future, c. 1968
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equpped with 18,000 vaccuum tubes and
weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes
and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
		-- Popular Mechanics, March 1949
Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
		-- James Baldwin, "Nobody Knows My Name"
This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.  We have emotional moving vans.
		-- Bruce Feirstein
To do two things at once is to do neither.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
		-- Ovid (43 B.C. - A.D. 18)
"Every man has his price.  Mine is $3.95."
My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
		-- Iphicrates
Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be.
But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity.  See?
But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee,
When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?
Disks travel in packs.
I put aside my copy of "BOWLING WORLD" and think about GUN CONTROL
legislation...
	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on
the subject of towels.
	Most importantly, a towel has immense psychological value.  For
some reason, if a non-hitchhiker discovers that a hitchhiker has his towel
with him, he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a
toothbrush, washcloth, flask, gnat spray, space suit, etc., etc.  Furthermore,
the non-hitchhiker will then happily lend the hitchhiker any of these or
a dozen other items that he may have "lost".  After all, any man who can
hitch the length and breadth of the Galaxy, struggle against terrible odds,
win through and still know where his towel is, is clearly a man to be
reckoned with.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course
of action.  Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a
friendly basis -- great Durbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth
could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could
use; mighty Durbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely-
for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible
the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to
extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
		-- Theodore Sturgeon, "The World Well Lost"
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
"Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work."
At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall,
Aleph-null bottles of beer,
You take one down, and pass it around,
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.
A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
		-- F. Brooks, "The Mythical Man-Month"

Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by
close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and
scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
		-- George Washington, 1732-1799
The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd
And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven;
The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth
And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change.
These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Richard II"
The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful.
My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away.
My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful.
Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play?
I feel together today!
		-- Jimmy Buffet, "Coconut Telegraph"
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
		-- P. Erdos
"If Diet Coke did not exist it would have been neccessary to invent it."
-- Karl Lehenbauer
To be is to program.
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm staying home to work on my
cottage cheese sculpture."
	"Anything else, sir?" asked the attentive bellhop, trying his best
to make the lady and gentleman comfortable in their penthouse suite in the
posh hotel.
	"No.  No, thank you," replied the gentleman.
	"Anything for your wife, sir?" the bellhop asked.
	"Why, yes, young man," said the gentleman.  "Would you bring me a
postcard?"
She's learned to say things with her eyes that others waste time putting
into words.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
TAPPING?  You POLITICIANS!  Don't you realize that the END of the "Wash
Cycle" is a TREASURED MOMENT for most people?!
Sometimes, when I think of what that girl means to me, it's all I can do
to keep from telling her.
		-- Andy Capp
Democracy becomes a government of bullies, tempered by editors.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
		-- Lillian Day
YOU TOO CAN MAKE BIG MONEY IN THE EXCITING FIELD OF PAPER SHUFFLING!

Mr. Smith of Muddle, Mass. says:  "Before I took this course I used to be
a lowly bit twiddler.  Now with what I learned at MIT Tech I feel really
important and can obfuscate and confuse with the best."

Mr. Watkins had this to say:  "Ten short days ago all I could look forward
to was a dead-end job as a engineer.  Now I have a promising future and
make really big Zorkmids."

MIT Tech can't promise these fantastic results to everyone, but when
you earn your MDL degree from MIT Tech your future will be brighter.

		SEND FOR OUR FREE BROCHURE TODAY!
There's a thrill in store for all for we're about to toast
The corporation that we represent.
We're here to cheer each pioneer and also proudly boast,
Of that man of men our sterling president
The name of T.J. Watson means
A courage none can stem
And we feel honored to be here to toast the IBM.
		-- Ever Onward, from the 1940 IBM Songbook
Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I cannot
remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in daydreams about
women.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Do you suffer painful elimination?
		-- Don Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos"

Do you suffer painful recrimination?
		-- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms"

Do you suffer painful illumination?
		-- Isaac Newton, "Optics"

Do you suffer painful hallucination?
		-- Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda
A beer delayed is a beer denied.
You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty spray paint cans
in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.
	You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the
Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the
parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day.
		-- Sherlock Holmes
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
		-- Bob Hope
He's dead, Jim.
A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
		-- Robert Frost
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
L'hazard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.  
		-- L. Pasteur
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
		-- Russian Proverb
Rules for driving in New York:
	(1) Anything done while honking your horn is legal.
	(2) You may park anywhere if you turn your four-way flashers on.
	(3) A red light means the next six cars may go through the
	    intersection.
The answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything was
released with the kind permission of the Amalgamated Union of Philosophers,
Sages, Luminaries, and Other Professional Thinking Persons.
Speak roughly to your little boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
He only does it to annoy
	Because he knows it teases.
	Wow!  wow!  wow!

I speak severely to my boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
For he can thoroughly enjoy
	The pepper when he pleases!
	Wow!  wow!  wow!
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Alice in Wonderland"
There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII
understand, v.:
	To reach a point, in your investigation of some subject, at which
	you cease to examine what is really present, and operate on the
	basis of your own internal model instead.
Girls marry for love.  Boys marry because of a chronic irritation that
causes them to gravitate in the direction of objects with certain curvilinear
properties.
		-- Ashley Montagu
7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog drinks too much and kicks over the National
	Redwood Forest.

7:30, Channel 8: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
	The Bionic Dog gets a hormonal short-circuit and violates the
	Mann Act with an interstate Greyhound bus.
Hmmm ... a PINHEAD, during an EARTHQUAKE, encounters an ALL-MIDGET
FIDDLE ORCHESTRA ... ha ... ha ...
If I had a Q-TIP, I could prevent th' collapse of NEGOTIATIONS!!
The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
		-- Harlan Ellison
"Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator."
		-- Claude Shouse

"Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist."
		-- Joseph C. Wang
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
		-- Joe Walsh
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write
faster than anybody who can write better.
		-- A.J. Liebling
Universe, n.:
	The problem.
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I treasure this strange combination found in very few persons: a fierce
desire for life as well as a lucid perception of the ultimate futility of
the quest.
		-- Madeleine Gobeil
Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these
interest rates, we don't need it."
"You who hate the Jews so, why did you adopt their religion?"
-- Friedrich Nietzsche, addressing anti-semitic Christians
Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most astonishin'
things to preserve their respectability.  Thank God I'm not respectable.
		-- Ruthven Campbell Todd
QOTD:
	"The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its
	neck to get the dog to play with it."
"Oh, 'Melia, my dear, this does everything crown!
Who could have supposed I should meet you in Town?
And whence such fair garments such prosperi-ty?"
"Oh, didn't you know I'd been ruined?" said she.

"You left us in tatters, without shoes or socks,
Tired of digging potatoes, and spudding up docks;
And now you've gay bracelets and bright feathers three!"
"Yes: That's how we dress when we're ruined," said she.

"At home in the barton you said `thee' and `thou,'
And `thik oon' and `theas oon' and `t'other;' but now
Your talking quite fits 'ee for compa-ny!"
"Some polish is gained with one's ruin," said she.

"Your hands were like paws then, your face blue and bleak
But now I'm bewitched by your delicate cheek,
And your little gloves fit like as on any la-dy!"
"We never do work when we're ruined," said she.

"You used to call home-life a hag-ridden dream,
And you'd sigh, and you'd sock; but at present you seem
To know not of megrims or melancho-ly!"
"True.  One's pretty lively when ruined," said she.

"I wish I had feathers, a fine sweeping gown,
And a delicate face, and could strut about Town!"
"My dear--a raw country girl, such as you be,
Cannot quite expect that.  You ain't ruined," said she.
		--Thomas Hardy
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without
your help.
		-- Miss Manners
If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine
ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.
Ignorance is bliss.
		-- Thomas Gray

Fortune updates the great quotes, #42:
	BLISS is ignorance.
You know you've landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi.
I loathe people who keep dogs.  They are cowards who haven't got the guts
to bite people themselves.
		-- August Strindberg
"The value of marriage is not that adults produce children, but that children 
produce adults."
-- Peter De Vries
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
Price's Advice:
	It's all a game -- play it to have fun.
Fortune's Rules for Memo Wars: #2

Given the incredible advances in sociocybernetics and telepsychology over
the last few years, we are now able to completely understand everything that
the author of an memo is trying to say.  Thanks to modern developments
in electrocommunications like notes, vnews, and electricity, we have an
incredible level of interunderstanding the likes of which civilization has
never known.  Thus, the possibility of your misinterpreting someone else's
memo is practically nil.  Knowing this, anyone who accuses you of having
done so is a liar, and should be treated accordingly.  If you *do* understand
the memo in question, but have absolutely nothing of substance to say, then
you have an excellent opportunity for a vicious ad hominem attack.  In fact,
the only *inappropriate* times for an ad hominem attack are as follows:

	1: When you agree completely with the author of an memo.
	2: When the author of the original memo is much bigger than you are.
	3: When replying to one of your own memos.
That's what she said.
Acquaintance, n:
	A person whom we know well enough to borrow from but not well
	enough to lend to.  A degree of friendship called slight when the
	object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
I met my latest girl friend in a department store.  She was looking at
clothes, and I was putting Slinkys on the escalators.
		-- Steven Wright
Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his name correctly
(Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into (Nick-les Worth).  Which
is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.
Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare
War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
		-- Charles Edward Montague
Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set:

PI	Punch Invalid
POPI	Punch Operator Immediately
PVLC	Punch Variable Length Card
RASC	Read And Shred Card
RPM	Read Programmers Mind
RSSC	reduce speed, step carefully  (for improved accuracy)
RTAB	Rewind tape and break
RWDSK	rewind disk
RWOC	Read Writing On Card
SCRBL	scribble to disk  - faster than a write
SLC	Search for Lost Chord
SPSW	Scramble Program Status Word
SRSD	Seek Record and Scar Disk
STROM	Store in Read Only Memory
TDB	Transfer and Drop Bit
WBT	Water Binary Tree
I'm dressing up in an ill-fitting IVY-LEAGUE SUIT!!  Too late...
"Unlike most net.puritans, however, I feel that what OTHER consenting computers
 do in the privacy of their own phone connections is their own business."
-- John Woods, jfw@eddie.mit.edu
I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.
To live is always desirable.
		-- Eleen the Capellan, "Friday's Child", stardate 3498.9
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
The cost of feathers has risen, even down is up!
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
Meanehwael, baccat meaddehaele, monstaer lurccen;
Fulle few too many drincce, hie luccen for fyht.
[D]en Hreorfneorht[d]hwr, son of Hrwaerow[p]heororthwl,
AEsccen aewful jeork to steop outsyd.
[P]hud!  Bashe!  Crasch!  Beoom!  [D]e bigge gye
Eallum his bon brak, byt his nose offe;
Wicced Godsylla waeld on his asse.
Monstaer moppe fleor wy[p] eallum men in haelle.
Beowulf in bacceroome fonecall bemaccen waes;
Hearen sond of ruccus saed, "Hwaet [d]e helle?"
Graben sheold strang ond swich-blaed scharp
Sond feorth to fyht [d]e grimlic foe.
"Me," Godsylla saed, "mac [d]e minsemete."
Heoro cwyc geten heold wi[p] faemed half-nelson
Ond flyng him lic frisbe bac to fen.
Beowulf belly up to meaddehaele bar,
Saed, "Ne foe beaten mie faersom cung-fu."
Eorderen cocca-colha yce-coeld, [d]e reol [p]yng.
		-- Not Chaucer, for certain
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their
inability to set a bad example.
		-- La Rochefoucauld, "Maxims"
Yow!  I threw up on my window!
People are always available for work in the past tense.
"Here's something to think about:  How come you never see a headline like
 `Psychic Wins Lottery.'"
-- Comedian Jay Leno
Miksch's Law:
	If a string has one end, then it has another end.
"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.
Q:	What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas?
A:	The impossible dream.
BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of `Scientific Creationism'.
XXXI:
	The optimum committee has no members.
XXXII:
	Hiring consultants to conduct studies can be an excellent means of
	turning problems into gold -- your problems into their gold.
XXXIII:
	Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
XXXIV:
	The process of competitively selecting contractors to perform work
	is based on a system of rewards and penalties, all distributed
	randomly.
XXXV:
	The weaker the data available upon which to base one's conclusion,
	the greater the precision which should be quoted in order to give
	the data authenticity.
		-- Norman Augustine
Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that
every subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be
submitted to a certain publicity and impartiality.  All proffered 
samples of learning must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to 
common tests.  It is the essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that
any such "show-down" is sacrilegious and perverse.  The characteristic
of religion, from their point of view, is that it is intellectually
secret, not public; peculiarly revealed, not generall known; 
authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested in ordinary 
ways...It is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion is
conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists,
there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in
religion in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics
where the method of free inquiry has made its way.  The "religious"
would be the last to be willing that either the history of the
content of religion should be taught in this spirit; while those
to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely a technical device,
but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must protest against
its being taught in any other spirit.
- John Dewey (1859-1953), American philosopher, 
  from "Democracy in the Schools", 1908
Your education begins where what is called your education is over.
This quote is taken from the Diamondback, the University of Maryland
student newspaper, of Tuesday, 3/10/87.

	One disadvantage of the Univac system is that it does not use
	Unix, a recently developed program which translates from one
	computer language to another and has a built-in editing system
	which identifies errors in the original program.
The real reason large families benefit society is because at least
a few of the children in the world shouldn't be raised by beginners.
"It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God but to
 create him."
 -Arthur C. Clarke
Symptom:		Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction, beer is
			unusually pale and clear.
Problem:		Glass empty.
Action Required:	Find someone who will buy you another beer.

Symptom:		Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction,
			and the front of your shirt is wet.
Fault:			Mouth not open when drinking or glass applied to
			wrong part of face.
Action Required:	Buy another beer and practice in front of mirror.
			Drink as many as needed to perfect drinking technique.
		-- Bar Troubleshooting
Life does not begin at the moment of conception or the moment of birth.
It begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.
Mary Tyler Moore's SEVENTH HUSBAND is wearing my DACRON TANK TOP in a
cheap hotel in HONOLULU!
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
	-- Jean Cocteau
	Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene
from Don Quixote for a local TV show.  "I'll play the title role," proposed
Tom.  "Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B. De Mille."
I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know
how bad I am.
		-- Samuel Johnson
#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define  BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

		-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word
QOTD:
	I'm not bald -- I'm "hair challenged".

	[I thought that was "differently haired". Ed.]
Burbulation:
	The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in
	an attempt to catch it before the automatic light comes on.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Mike:	"The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?"
Bernie:	"Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.  People are SO inconsiderate."
		-- Gary Trudeau, "Doonesbury"
Harriet's Dining Observation:
	In every restaurant, the hardness of the butter pats
	increases in direct proportion to the softness of the bread.
It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
IN MY OPINION anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out
becoming pure energy.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
		-- Redd Foxx
I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out.
The weatherman said "I don't understand it.  I was supposed to be 80
degrees today," and I said "Oops."

In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above... so
I never have to go upstairs.

I just bought a microwave fireplace... You can spend an evening in
front of it in only eight minutes.
		-- Steven Wright
Hackers are just a migratory lifeform with a tropism for computers.
I used to think romantic love was a neurosis shared by two, a supreme
foolishness.  I no longer thought that.  There's nothing foolish in
loving anyone.  Thinking you'll be loved in return is what's foolish.
		-- Rita Mae Brown
Most non-Catholics know that the Catholic schools are rendering a greater
service to our nation than the public schools in which subversive textbooks
have been used, in which Communist-minded teachers have taught, and from
whose classrooms Christ and even God Himself are barred.
- from "Our Sunday Visitor", an American-Catholic newspaper, 1949
Some of them want to use you,
Some of them want to be used by you,
...Everybody's looking for something.
		-- Eurythmics
Go 'way!  You're bothering me!
What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to
win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent?
In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded
that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the
simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life.  First, a
base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done.  Second,
a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human
activities must exist.  Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses
the national attention upon the direction to proceed.  Finally, an articulate
and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with
words and action the great thing to be accomplished.  The motivation of young
Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of
conditions. ...  The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John
Kennedys appear.  We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they,
and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
		-- Dr. Harrison H. Schmidt
Never eat more than you can lift.
		-- Miss Piggy
If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
		-- Nora Ephron, "Heartburn"
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God.
It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
- Thomas Jefferson
Q:	What do you call the scratches that you get when a female
	sheep bites you?
A:	Ewe nicks.
	The Advertising Agency Song
 
	When your client's hopping mad,
	Put his picture in the ad.
	If he still should prove refractory,
	Add a picture of his factory.
A sad spectacle.  If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly.
If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
		-- Thomas Carlyle, looking at the stars
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #6

	"But, soft!  What light through yonder window breaks?"
	It's nothing, honey.  Go back to sleep.
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.
Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi): Mr Gandhi, what do you think of Western
	Civilization?
Gandhi:	I think it would be a good idea.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means
for going backwards.
		-- Aldous Huxley
	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half
as good.  Luckily this is not difficult.
		-- Charlotte Whitton
Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.
Nothing lasts forever.
Where do I find nothing?
First Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination shortens the job and places the responsibility
	for its termination on someone else (i.e., the authority who
	imposed the deadline).

Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
	there is nothing important to do.
Real computer scientists don't program in assembler.  They don't write
in anything less portable than a number two pencil.
From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was convulsed
with laughter.  Some day I intend reading it.
		-- Groucho Marx, from "The Book of Insults"
"America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort."
-- President John F. Kennedy
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
- Calvin Keegan
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a
proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it.
		-- John Keats
I never saw a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But I can tell you anyhow
I'd rather see than be one.
		-- Gellett Burgess

I've never seen a purple cow
I never hope to see one
But from the milk we're getting now
There certainly must be one
		-- Odgen Nash

Ah, yes, I wrote "The Purple Cow"   
I'm sorry now I wrote it
But I can tell you anyhow
I'll kill you if you quote it.
		-- Gellett Burgess, many years later
Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than expected.
Carefully planned projects take four times longer to complete than expected,
mostly because the planners expect their planning to reduce the time it takes.
One toke over the line, sweet Mary,
One toke over the line,
Sittin' downtown in a railway station,
One toke over the line.
Waitin' for the train that goes home,
Hopin' that the train is on time,
Sittin' downtown in a railway station,
One toke over the line.
The telephone is a good way to talk to people without having to offer
them a drink.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Interview"
You are sick, twisted and perverted.  I like that in a person.
For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
The solution of problems is the most characteristic and peculiar sort
of voluntary thinking.
		-- William James
The City of Palo Alto, in its official description of parking lot standards,
specifies the grade of wheelchair access ramps in terms of centimeters of
rise per foot of run.  A compromise, I imagine...
We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which
people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products.
Just as food can be bad for your system, music can be bad for your spirtual
and emotional feelings.  It might taste good or clever, but in the long run,
it's not going to do anything for you.
		-- Bob Dylan, "LA Times", September 5, 1984
	Home centers are designed for the do-it-yourselfer who's willing to
pay higher prices for the convenience of being able to shop for lumber,
hardware, and toasters all in one location.  Notice I say "shop for," as
opposed to "obtain." This is the major drawback of home centers: they are
always out of everything except artificial Christmas trees.  The home center
employees have no time to reorder merchandise because they are too busy
applying little price stickers to every object -- every board, washer, nail
and screw -- in the entire store ...

	Let's say a piece in your toilet tank breaks, so you remove the
broken part, take it to the home center, and ask an employee if he has a
replacement.  The employee, who has never is his life even seen the inside
of a toilet tank, will peer at the broken part in very much the same way
that a member of a primitive Amazon jungle tribe would look at an electronic
calculator, and then say, "We're expecting a shipment of these sometime
around the middle of next week."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
The trouble with superheros is what to do between phone booths.
		-- Ken Kesey
It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
		-- Cervantes
I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to sacrifice
my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
One learns to itch where one can scratch.
		-- Ernest Bramah
Sex is like air.  It's only a big deal if you can't get any.
Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.
The makers may make
and the users may use,
but the fixers must fix
with but minimal clues
Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
		-- Daniele Vare
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
flowchart, n. & v.:
	[From flow "to ripple down in rich profusion, as hair" + chart
"a cryptic hidden-treasure map designed to mislead the uninitiated."]
1. n. The solution, if any, to a class of Mascheroni construction
problems in which given algorithms require geometrical representation
using only the 35 basic ideograms of the ANSI template.  2. n. Neronic
doodling while the system burns.  3. n. A low-cost substitute for
wallpaper.  4. n.  The innumerate misleading the illiterate.  "A
thousand pictures is worth ten lines of code." -- The Programmer's
Little Red Vade Mecum, Mao Tse T'umps.  5. v.intrans. To produce
flowcharts with no particular object in mind.  6. v.trans. To obfuscate
(a problem) with esoteric cartoons.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"
After this was written there appeared a remarkable posthumous memoir that
throws some doubt on Millikan's leading role in these experiments.  Harvey
Fletcher (1884-1981), who was a graduate student at the University of Chicago,
at Millikan's suggestion worked on the measurement of electronic charge for
his doctoral thesis, and co-authored some of the early papers on this subject
with Millikan.  Fletcher left a manuscript with a friend with instructions
that it be published after his death; the manuscript was published in
Physics Today, June 1982, page 43.  In it, Fletcher claims that he was the
first to do the experiment with oil drops, was the first to measure charges on
single droplets, and may have been the first to suggest the use of oil.
According to Fletcher, he had expected to be co-authored with Millikan on
the crucial first article announcing the measurement of the electronic
charge, but was talked out of this by Millikan.
		-- Steven Weinberg, "The Discovery of Subatomic Particles"

Robert Millikan is generally credited with making the first really
precise measurement of the charge on an electron and was awarded the 
Nobel Prize in 1923.
I've got a COUSIN who works in the GARMENT DISTRICT ...
You know you're in trouble when...
(1)	You've been at work for an hour before you notice that your 
		skirt is caught in your pantyhose.
		Especially if you're a man.
(2)	Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife.
(3)	Your income tax check bounces.
(4)	You put both contact lenses in the same eye.
(5)	Your wife says, "Good morning, Bill" and your name is George.
(6)	You wake up to the soothing sound of flowing water... the day
		after you bought a waterbed.
(7)	You go on your honeymoon to a remote little hotel and the desk
		clerk, bell hop, and manager have a "Welcome Back" party 
		for your spouse.
No one knows what he can do till he tries.
		-- Publilius Syrus
This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a
little ironic since we may not have one.
		-- Arthur Clarke
You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"
Oreo.
These days the necessities of life cost you about three times what they
used to, and half the time they aren't even fit to drink.
Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please see Big Brother.
The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers is to refuse to
move an inch from where they stood.
Real Time, adj.:
	Here and now, as opposed to fake time, which only occurs there and then.
Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.
A fool and his money are soon popular.
 In respect to lock-making, there can scarcely be such a thing as dishonesty 
 of intention: the inventor produces a lock which he honestly thinks will 
 possess such and such qualities; and he declares his belief to the world.
 If others differ from him in opinion concerning those qualities, it is open
 to them to say so; and the discussion, truthfully conducted, must lead to
 public advantage: the discussion stimulates curiosity, and curiosity stimu-
 lates invention.  Nothing but a partial and limited view of the question
 could lead to the opinion that harm can result: if there be harm, it will be
 much more than counterbalanced by good."
-- Charles Tomlinson's Rudimentary Treatise on the Construction of Locks, 
   published around 1850.
lisp, v.:
	To call a spade a thpade.
The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of
management is that success equals skill.
		-- Robert Heller
Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's lead,
the rest bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.  I'm
a private eye.
		-- "Calvin & Hobbes"
Shift to the left,
Shift to the right,
Mask in, mask out,
BYTE, BYTE, BYTE !!!
A doctor calls his patient to give him the results of his tests.  "I have
some bad news," says the doctor, "and some worse news."  The bad news is
that you only have six weeks to live."
	"Oh, no," says the patient.  "What could possibly be worse than that?"
	"Well," the doctor replies, "I've been trying to reach you since
last Monday."
"I'm not a god, I was misquoted."
-- Lister, Red Dwarf
Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime.
For a first offense, that is.
Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled with
one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two deserts.
		-- Miss Oglethorp, Gr. 5, PS. 59
Truth has always been found to promote the best interests of mankind...
- Percy Bysshe Shelley
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.
People in general do not willingly read if they have anything else to
amuse them.
		-- S. Johnson
Never drink coke in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled with
the chemicals in coke produce hallucinations.  People tend to change into
lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the
window.  Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.
[From the operation manual for the CI-300 Dot Matrix Line Printer, made
in Japan]:

The excellent output machine of MODEL CI-300 as extraordinary DOT MATRIX
LINE PRINTER, built in two MICRO-PROCESSORs as well as EAROM, is featured by
permitting wonderful co-existence such as; "high quality against low cost,"
"diversified functions with compact design," "flexibility in accessibleness
and durability of approx. 2000,000,00 Dot/Head," "being sophisticated in
mechanism but possibly agile operating under noises being extremely
suppressed" etc.

And as a matter of course, the final goal is just simply to help achieve
"super shuttle diplomacy" between cool data, perhaps earned by HOST
COMPUTER, and warm heart of human being.
Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty
Often have a share in their misfortunes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Caucasian Chalk Circle"
The Osmonds!  You are all Osmonds!!  Throwing up on a freeway at dawn!!!
May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts.
Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.
Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
		-- Fred Allen
"The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty.  You might want to mug
someone with it."
		-- M. Devine, Computer Science 340
I used to be such a sweet sweet thing, 'til they got a hold of me,
I opened doors for little old ladies, I helped the blind to see,
I got no friends 'cause they read the papers, they can't be seen,
With me, and I'm feelin' real shot down,
And I'm, uh, feelin' mean,
	No more, Mr. Nice Guy,
	No more, Mr. Clean,
	No more, Mr. Nice Guy,
They say "He's sick, he's obscene".

My dog bit me on the leg today, my cat clawed my eyes,
Ma's been thrown out of the social circle, and Dad has to hide,
I went to church, incognito, when everybody rose,
The reverend Smithy, he recognized me,
And punched me in the nose, he said,
(chorus)
He said "You're sick, you're obscene".
		-- Alice Cooper, "No More Mr. Nice Guy"
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
Well, I'm INVISIBLE AGAIN ... I might as well pay a visit to the LADIES 
ROOM ...
I've got a bad feeling about this.
My boy is a mean kid.  I came home the other day and saw him taping worms
to the sidewalk, he sits there and watches the birds get hernias.  Well,
only last Christmas I gave him a B-B gun and he gave me a sweatshirt with
a bulls-eye on the back.

I told my kids, "Someday, you'll have kids of your own."  One of them
said, "So will you."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield
No house should ever be on any hill or on anything.  It should be of the hill,
belonging to it.
		-- Frank Lloyd Wright
I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to sacrifice
my wife's brother.
		-- Artemus Ward
I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial.  I don't like the idea of
a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
		-- Lowell, Chicago Reader 10/15/82
/earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.
Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.
Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
		-- Darryl F. Zanuck
If God wanted us to have a President, He would have sent us a candidate.
		-- Jerry Dreshfield
... there are about 5,000 people who are part of that commitee.  These guys
have a hard time sorting out what day to meet, and whether to eat croissants
or doughnuts for breakfast -- let alone how to define how all these complex
layers that are going to be agreed upon.
		-- Craig Burton of Novell, Network World
Look, we play the Star Spangled Banner before every game.  You want us
to pay income taxes, too?
		-- Bill Veeck, Chicago White Sox
share, n.:
	To give in, endure humiliation.
Household hint:
	If you are out of cream for your coffee, mayonnaise makes a
	dandy substitute.
Well, the handwriting is on the floor.
		-- Joe E. Lewis
Support wildlife -- vote for an orgy.
Are your glasses mended with a strip of masking tape right over your nose?
Do you put pennies in the slots in your penny loafers?
Does your bow-tie flash "hey you kid" in red neon at parties?
Do you think pizza before noon is unhealthy?
Do you use the "greasy kid's stuff" to stick down your cowlick?
Do you wear a "nerd-pack" in your shirt pocket to keep the dozen
	or so pencils from marking the cloth?
Do you think Mary Jane is somebody's name?
Is illegal fishing is something only a daring criminal would do?
Is Batman your hero?  Superman?  Green Lantern?  The Shadow?
Do you think girls who kiss on the first date are loose?

	Rate yourself on the nerd-o-matic scale. (1 point for each YES answer)
0-2  -- You are really hip, a real cool cat, a hoopy frood.
3-5  -- There is hope for you yet.
6-7  -- Uh-oh, trouble in River City.
8-10 -- Your immortal soul is in peril.
11+  -- Does suicide seem attractive?
To get something clean, one has to get something dirty.
To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.
I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
They're still living in the fifties.
		-- Strange de Jim
Never drink from your finger bowl -- it contains only water.
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way
before it is understood.
It gets late early out there.
		-- Yogi Berra
Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly
	"I don't know what you mean by 'glory'," Alice said.
	Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.  "Of course you don't --
till I tell you.  I meant 'there's a nice knock-down argument for you!'"
	"But glory doesn't mean 'a nice knock-down argument'," Alice
objected.
	"When I use a word," Humpty Dumpty said, in a rather scornful
tone, "it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor less."
	"The question is," said Alice, "whether you can make words mean
so many different things."
	"The question is," said Humpty Dumpty, "which is to be master --
that's all."
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Through the Looking Glass"
Alea iacta est.
	[The die is cast]
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
		-- Scottish proverb.
That's the true harbinger of spring, not crocuses or swallows
returning to Capistrano, but the sound of a bat on a ball.
		-- Bill Veeck
   It is either through the influence of narcotic potions, of which all
primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach
of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those Dionysian stirrings
arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself
completely. . . .Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged
once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or
subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son,
man.
- Fred Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Fifth Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
	there is nothing important to do.
Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.
YOW!!  Now I understand advanced MICROBIOLOGY and th' new TAX REFORM laws!!
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Henry VI", Part IV
	   THE DAILY PLANET

	SUPERMAN SAVES DESSERT!
	Plans to "Eat it later"
There's no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell
I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day cause that means
it's going to be up all night.
		-- Steven Wright
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec
Stop!  There was first a game of blindman's buff.  Of course there was.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes
in his boots.  My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and
Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.  The
way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage
on the credulity of human nature.
QOTD:
	I'm not a nerd -- I'm "socially challenged".
When God created two sexes, he may have been overdoing it.
		-- Charles Merrill Smith
Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
		-- Marc Price
The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- B. Franklin
It's a naive, domestic operating system without any breeding, but I
think you'll be amused by its presumption.
My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems,
and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.  ...  We should be
reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is indifferent
to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not
we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand,
slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point
from which we can explore and understand and utilize it. To turn back now
would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
		-- James A. Michener
He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will be the greatest
benefactor the world has yet known.
		-- Sir Richard Burton
Sweater, n.:
	A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.
Langsam's Laws:
	(1) Everything depends.
	(2) Nothing is always.
	(3) Everything is sometimes.
We have DIFFERENT amounts of HAIR --
Children begin by loving their parents.  After a time they judge them.
Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Wad some power the giftie gie us
To see oursels as others see us.
		-- R. Browning
Truthful, adj.:
	Dumb and illiterate.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
		-- Edouard Le Berquier, "Pensees des Autres"
The best thing about being bald is, that, when unexpected company arrives,
all you have to do is straighten your tie.
"MSDOS didn't get as bad as it is overnight -- it took over ten years
of careful development."
(By dmeggins@aix1.uottawa.ca)
If all the world's economists were laid end to end, we wouldn't reach a
conclusion.
		-- William Baumol
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.
He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.
If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women
you've got in the house.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.
"A dirty mind is a joy forever."
-- Randy Kunkee
Of all the words of witch's doom
There's none so bad as which and whom.
The man who kills both which and whom
Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
		-- Fletcher Knebel
I have never been one to sacrifice my appetite on the altar of appearance.
		-- A.M. Readyhough
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
"I'm not afraid of dying, I just don't want to be there when it happens."
-- Woody Allen
"I've seen it.  It's rubbish."
-- Marvin the Paranoid Android
The best way to avoid responsibility is to say, "I've got responsibilities."
Office Automation:
	The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office
	by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.
Experience, n.:
	Something you don't get until just after you need it.
		-- Olivier
The salary of the chief executive of the large corporation is not a market
award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal
gesture by the individual to himself.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith, "Annals of an Abiding Liberal"
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
Did I do an INCORRECT THING??
Riches cover a multitude of woes.
		-- Menander
pixel, n.:
	A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays.
	The computer industry has frequently borrowed from mythology:
	Witness the sprites in computer graphics, the demons in artificial
	intelligence, and the trolls in the marketing department.
Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a
fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
		-- Montesquieu
That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Pensees de tout le monde"
The notion that science does not concern itself with first causes -- that it
leaves the field to theology or metaphysics, and confines itself to mere 
effects -- this notion has no support in the plain facts.  If it could,
science would explain the origin of life on earth at once--and there is 
every reason to believe that it will do so on some not too remote tomorrow.
To argue that gaps in knowledge which will confront the seeker must be filled,
not by patient inquiry, but by intuition or revelation, is simply to give
ignorance a gratuitous and preposterous dignity....
- H. L. Mencken, 1930
If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.
Is it NOUVELLE CUISINE when 3 olives are struggling with a scallop in a
plate of SAUCE MORNAY?
I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these
Calculating Engines.  I have also declined several offers of great personal
advantage to myself.  But, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages
for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and after
expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government of
England has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only commenced,
I have received neither an acknowledgement of my labors, not even the offer
of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the reach of men
who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations...  

If the work upon which I have bestowed so much time and thought were a mere
triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the execution
of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some justification
might be found for the course which has been taken; but I venture to assert
that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will ever publicly express
an opinion that such a machine would be useless if made, and that no man
distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to declare the construction of
such machinery impracticable...

And at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed by that
exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its advancement,
which it is the object of the Analytical Engine to relieve, I think the 
application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abtruse
calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not
be economized by the aid of machinery.
- Charles Babbage, Passage from the Life of a Philosopher
Emerson's Law of Contrariness:
	Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we
	can.  Having found them, we shall then hate them for it.
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than
three hundred years ago. "What is the 'Body of a rock'?" he was asked.
In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by
slashing his abdomen with a knife.  Just as the pupil was about to comply,
the Master stayed his hand, saying, "That is the 'Body of a rock'."
		-- Eric Van Lustbader
But I was there and I saw what you did,
I saw it with my own two eyes.
So you can wipe off that grin;
I know where you've been--
It's all been a pack of lies!
Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
		-- Wheeler
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more
deadly in the long run.
		-- Mark Twain
Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends!
We're so glad you could attend, come inside, come inside!
There behind the glass there's a real blade of grass,
Be careful as you pass, move along, move along.
Come inside, the show's about to start,
Guaranteed to blow your head apart.
Rest assured, you'll get your money's worth,
Greatest show, in heaven, hell or earth!
You gotta see the show!  It's a dynamo!
You gotta see the show!  It's rock 'n' roll!
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)
"Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller
than the both put together."
			 ___====-_  _-====___
		  _--~~~#####// '  ` \\#####~~~--_
		-~##########// (    ) \\##########~-_
	       -############//  |\^^/|  \\############-
	     _~############//   (O||O)   \\############~_ 
	    ~#############((     \\//     ))#############~  
	   -###############\\    (oo)    //###############-
	  -#################\\  / `' \  //#################- 
	 -###################\\/  ()  \//###################-
	_#/|##########/\######(  (())  )######/\##########|\#_
	|/ |#/\#/\#/\/  \#/\##|  \()/  |##/\#/  \/\#/\#/\#| \|
	`  |/  V  V  `   V  )||  |()|  ||(  V   '  V /\  \|  '
	   `   `  `      `  / |  |()|  | \  '      '<||>  '
			   (  |  |()|  |  )\        /|/
			  __\ |__|()|__| /__\______/|/
			 (vvv(vvvv)(vvvv)vvv)______|/
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made
school boards.
		-- Mark Twain
Rhode's Law:
	When any principle, law, tenet, probability, happening, circumstance,
	or result can in no way be directly, indirectly, empirically, or
	circuitously proven, derived, implied, inferred, induced, deducted,
	estimated, or scientifically guessed, it will always for the purpose
	of convenience, expediency, political advantage, material gain, or
	personal comfort, or any combination of the above, or none of the
	above, be unilaterally and unequivocally assumed, proclaimed, and
	adhered to as absolute truth to be undeniably, universally, immutably,
	and infinitely so, until such time as it becomes advantageous to
	assume otherwise, maybe.
You can have peace.  Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having
both at once.
		-- Lazarus Long
The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks
Which practically conceal its sex.
I think it clever of the turtle
In such a fix to be so fertile.
		-- Ogden Nash
Too much of anything, even love, isn't necessarily a good thing.
		-- Kirk, "The Trouble with Tribbles", stardate 4525.6
Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.
Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
She scissored short.  Sorely shorn,
Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed,
Silently scheming,
Sightlessly seeking
Some savage, spectacular suicide.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
The way to fight a woman is with your hat.  Grab it and run.
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then
give it back to them.
Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield lands directly in front
	of your eyes.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no
account be allowed to do the job.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
K:	Cobalt's metal, hard and shining;
	Cobol's wordy and confining;
	KOBOLDS topple when you strike them;
	Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC
A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire
Quit worrying about your health.  It'll go away.
		-- Robert Orben
How many Unix hacks does it take to change a light bulb?
   Let's see, can you use a shell script for that or does it need a C program?
Although written many years ago, Lady Chatterley's Lover has just been
reissued by the Grove Press, and this pictorial account of the
day-to-day life of an English gamekeeper is full of considerable
interest to outdoor minded readers, as it contains many passages on
pheasant-raising, the apprehending of poachers, ways to control vermin,
and other chores and duties of the professional gamekeeper.
Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade through many pages of extraneous
material in order to discover and savour those sidelights on the
management of a midland shooting estate, and in this reviewer's opinion
the book cannot take the place of J. R. Miller's "Practical Gamekeeping."
		-- Ed Zern, "Field and Stream" (Nov. 1959)
I don't do it for the money.
		-- Donald Trump, Art of the Deal
"The sixties were good to you, weren't they?"
-- George Carlin
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature
replaces it with.
		-- Tennessee Williams
I drink to make other people interesting.
		-- George Jean Nathan
Well, don't worry about it...  It's nothing.
		-- Lieutenant Kermit Tyler (Duty Officer of Shafter Information
		   Center, Hawaii), upon being informed that Private Joseph
		   Lockard had picked up a radar signal of what appeared to be
		   at least 50 planes soaring toward Oahu at almost 180 miles
		   per hour, December 7, 1941.
I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing...
		-- Thomas Jefferson
Moon, n.:
	1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to hackers.  See 
	PHASE OF THE MOON.  2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).
Xerox your lunch and file it under "sex offenders"!
The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one wants and
not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering if something could
have materialized -- and never knowing.
		-- David Viscott
When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
		-- Brooke Shields
Education is the process of casting false pearls before real swine.
		-- Irwin Edman
I've got a very bad feeling about this.
		-- Han Solo
I hope you millionaires are having fun!  I just invested half your life
savings in yeast!!
Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix.  Everyone knows power
tools aren't soluble in alcohol...
		-- Crazy Nigel
Asked how she felt being the first woman to make a major-league team, she
said, "Like a pig in mud," or words to that effect, and then turned and
released a squirt of tobacco juice from the wad of rum soaked plug in her
right cheek.  She chewed a rare brand of plug called Stuff It, which she
learned to chew when she was playing Nicaraguan summer ball.  She told the
writers, "They were so mean to me down there you couldn't write it in your
newspaper.  I took a gun everywhere I went, even to bed.  *Especially* to
bed.  Guys were after me like you can't believe.  That's when I started
chewing tobacco -- because no matter how bad anybody treats you, it's not
as bad as this.  This is the worst chew in the world.  After this,
everything else is peaches and cream."  The writers elected Gentleman Jim,
the Sparrow's P.R. guy, to bite off a chunk and tell them how it tasted,
and as he sat and chewed it tears ran down his old sunburnt cheeks and he
couldn't talk for a while. Then he whispered, "You've been chewing this for
two years?  God, I had no idea it was so hard to be a woman."
		-- Garrison Keillor
Begathon, n.:
	A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money so
	you won't have to watch commercials.
The question of whether computers can think is just like the question of
whether submarines can swim.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra
Wilcox's Law:
	A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
The computer is to the information industry roughly what the
central power station is to the electrical industry.
		-- Peter Drucker
"Indecision is the basis of flexibility"
-- button at a Science Fiction convention.
The primary cause of failure in electrical appliances is an expired
warranty.  Often, you can get an appliance running again simply by changing
the warranty expiration date with a 15/64-inch felt-tipped marker.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
	"What do you give a man who has everything?" the pretty teenager
asked her mother.
	"Encouragement, dear," she replied.
Someday you'll get your big chance -- or have you already had it?
When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the assembled bar patrons.
A loud general cheer went up.  After downing his whiskey, he hopped onto a
barstool and shouted "When I take another drink, *everybody* takes another
drink!"  The announcement produced another cheer and another round of drinks.
	As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back
onto the stool.  "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto
the bar, "*everybody* pays!"
QOTD:
	"I haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby."
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- Shakespeare
Kent's Heuristic:
	Look for it first where you'd most like to find it.
"She said, `I know you ... you cannot sing'.  I said, `That's nothing,
you should hear me play piano.'"
		-- Morrisey
/usr/news/gotcha
"It's not just a computer -- it's your ass."
-- Cal Keegan
You are number 6!  Who is number one?
Remember thee
Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat
In this distracted globe.  Remember thee!
Yea, from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records,
All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past,
That youth and observation copied there.
Hamlet, I : v : 95   William Shakespeare
Nobody shot me.
		-- Frank Gusenberg, his last words, when asked by police
		who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the Saint
		Valentine's Day Massacre.

Only Capone kills like that.
		-- George "Bugs" Moran, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre

The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
		-- Al Capone, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre
What is comedy?  Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making
them puke.
		-- Steve Martin
Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
		-- Leo Durocher
I knew her before she was a virgin.
		-- Oscar Levant, on Doris Day
	Hack placidly amidst the noisy printers and remember what prizes there
may be in Science.  As fast as possible get a good terminal on a good system.
Enter your data clearly but always encrypt your results.  And listen to others,
even the dull and ignorant, for they may be your customers.  Avoid loud and
aggressive persons, for they are sales reps.
	If you compare your outputs with those of others, you may be surprised,
for always there will be greater and lesser numbers than you have crunched.
Keep others interested in your career, and try not to fumble; it can be a real
hassle and could change your fortunes in time.
	Exercise system control in your experiments, for the world is full of
bugs.  But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive
for linearity and everywhere papers are full of approximations.  Strive for
proportionality.  Especially, do not faint when it occurs.  Neither be cyclical
about results; for in the face of all data analysis it is sure to be noticed.
	Take with a grain of salt the anomalous data points.  Gracefully pass
them on to the youth at the next desk.  Nurture some mutual funds to shield
you in times of sudden layoffs.  But do not distress yourself with imaginings
-- the real bugs are enough to screw you badly.  Murphy's Law runs the
Universe -- and whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt <Curl>B*n dS = 0.
	Therefore, grab for a piece of the pie, with whatever proposals you
can conceive of to try.  With all the crashed disks, skewed data, and broken
line printers, you can still have a beautiful secretary.  Be linear.  Strive
to stay employed.
		-- Technolorata, "Analog"
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
You are capable of planning your future.
Do people know you have freckles everywhere?
Denver, n.:
	A smallish city located just below the `O' in Colorado.
The spectacle of astrology in the White House -- the governing center of
the world's greatest scientific and military power -- is so appalling that
it defies understanding and provides grounds for great fright.  The easiest
response is to laugh it off, and to indulge in wisecracks about Civil
Service ratings for horoscope makers and palm readers and whether Reagan
asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his sign.  A contagious good cheer is the
hallmark of this presidency, even when the most dismal matters are concerned.
But this time, it isn't funny.  It's plain scary.
-- Daniel S. Greenberg, Editor, _Science and Government Report_, writing in
   "Newsday", May 5, 1988
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
		-- Confucius
Have you ever felt like a wounded cow
halfway between an oven and a pasture?
walking in a trance toward a pregnant
	seventeen-year-old housewife's
	two-day-old cookbook?
		-- Richard Brautigan
HOLY MACRO!
Whitehead's Law:
	The obvious answer is always overlooked.
One could not be a successful scientist without realizing that, in contrast
to the popular conception supported by newspapers and mothers of scientists,
a goodly number of scientists are not only narrow-minded and dull, but also
just stupid.
		-- J.D. Watson, "The Double Helix"
Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run
on future hardware.  Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo
sapiens will ever be able to fit on a single planet.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
There is no TRUTH.  There is no REALITY.  There is no CONSISTENCY.
There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS.   I'm very probably wrong.
IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.
"Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people"
		-- Blore
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction
listen to weather forecasts and economists?
		-- Kelvin Throop III
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not
advice, it is merely custom.
		-- Mark Twain
A full belly makes a dull brain.
		-- Ben Franklin

		[and the local candy machine man.  Ed]
Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.
Paradise is exactly like where you are right now ... only much, much better.
		-- Laurie Anderson
Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.
Yow!  I just went below the poverty line!
It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg
... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from
other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in
charity we can only call "inhuman."
		-- R. A. Lafferty
You can take all the impact that science considerations have on funding
decisions at NASA, put them in the navel of a flea, and have room left
over for a caraway seed and Tony Calio's heart.
		-- F. Allen
I'll turn over a new leaf.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.
Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
		-- Mae West
One of the disadvantages of having children is that they eventually get old
enough to give you presents they make at school.
		-- Robert Byrne
Have a nice day!
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
		-- Arnold Bennett
I drink to make other people interesting.
		-- George Jean Nathan
I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
		-- Cash McCall
Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start
coming in late and lying about it.
UH-OH!!  I think KEN is OVER-DUE on his R.V. PAYMENTS and HE'S having a
NERVOUS BREAKDOWN too!!  Ha ha.
FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #5

	"And, and, and, and, but, but, but, but!"
		-- Mrs. Janice Markowsky, April 8, 1965
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall,
Aleph-null bottles of beer,
You take one down, and pass it around,
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.
	"So you don't have to, Cindy, but I was wondering if you might
want to go to someplace, you know, with me, sometime."
	"Well, I can think of a lot of worse things, David."
	"Friday, then?"
	"Why not, David, it might even be fun."
		-- Dating in Minnesota
We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
		-- Aesop
Do you know the difference between a yankee and a damyankee?

A yankee comes south to *_____visit*.
Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #2.

^Cu tiu loko estas okupita?		Is this seat taken?
^Cu vi ofte venas ^ci-tien?		Do you come here often?
^Cu mi povas havi via telelonnumeron?	May I have your phone number?
Mi estas komputilisto.			I work with computers.
Mi legas multe da scienca fikcio.	I read a lot of science fiction.
^Cu necesas ke vi eliras?		Do you really have to be going?
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm taking punk totem pole carving."
They call them "squares" because it's the most complicated shape they can
deal with.
Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to
measure progress.  Some cathedrals took a century to complete.  Can you
imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
Swap read error.  You lose your mind.
Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.
Bug, n.:
	An aspect of a computer program which exists because the
	programmer was thinking about Jumbo Jacks or stock options when s/he
	wrote the program.

Fortunately, the second-to-last bug has just been fixed.
		-- Ray Simard
"...proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect."
- David Baker, paraphrasing Harold Urey, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
weapon, n.:
	An index of the lack of development of a culture.
"Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world."
- The Beach Boys
A classic is something that everyone wants to have read
and nobody wants to read.
		-- Mark Twain, "The Disappearance of Literature"
Alaska:
	A prelude to "No."
He heard there oft the flying sound
Of feet as light as linden-leaves,
Of music welling underground,
In hidden hollows quavering.
Now withered lay the hemlock-sheaves,
And one by one with sighing sound
Whispering fell the beechen leaves
In the wintry woodland wavering.

He sought her ever, wandering far
Where leaves of years were thickly strewn,
By light of moon and ray of star
In frosty heavens shivering.
Her mantle glinted in the moon,
As on a hill-top high and far
She danced, and at her feet was strewn
A mist of silver quivering.

When winter passed, she came again,
And her song released the sudden spring,
Like rising lark, and falling rain,
And melting water bubbling.
He saw the elven-flowers spring
About her feet, and healed again
He longed by her to dance and sing
Upon the grass untroubling.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
mittsquinter, adj.:
	A ballplayer who looks into his glove after missing the ball, as
	if, somehow, the cause of the error lies there.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Universe, n.:
	The problem.
Re: Graphics:
	A picture is worth 10K words -- but only those to describe
	the picture.  Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately
	described with pictures.
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for
lists of "Ten Best".
		-- H. Allen Smith
"One of the problems I've always had with propaganda pamphlets is that they're 
real boring to look at.  They're just badly designed.  People from the left
often are very well-intended, but they never had time to take basic design 
classes, you know?"
-- Art Spiegelman
Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
		-- Donald Kaul
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Liar:
	one who tells an unpleasant truth.
		-- Oliver Herford
Time will end all my troubles, but I don't always approve of Time's methods.
There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
		-- Henry Kissinger
Baker's First Law of Federal Geometry:
	A block grant is a solid mass of money surrounded on all sides by
	governors.
A penny saved has not been spent.
methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutamin-
ylleucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanylvalylprolyl-
phenylalanylvalylthreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolylglycylisoleucylglutamylglu-
taminylserylleucyllysylisoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanyl-
glycylalanylaspartylalanylleucylglutamylleucylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylala-
nylserylaspartylprolylleucylalanylaspartylglycylprolylthreonylisoleucylgluta-
minylasparaginylalanylthreonylleucylarginylalanylphenylalanylalanylalanylgly-
cylvalylthreonylprolylalanylglutaminylcysteinylphenylalanylglutamylmethionyl-
leucylalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminyllysylhistidylprolylthreonylisoleu-
cylprolylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyltyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylva-
lylphenylalanylasparaginyllysylglycylisoleucylaspartylglutamylphenylalanyltyro-
sylalanylglutaminylcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylglycylvalylaspartylserylvalylleu-
cylvalylalanylaspartylvalylprolylvalylglutaminylglutamylserylalanylprolylphe-
nylalanylarginylglutaminylalanylalanylleucylarginylhistidylasparaginylvalylala-
nylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleucylcysteinylprolylprolylaspartylalanylas-
partylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginylglutaminylisoleucylalanylseryltyrosyl-
glycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylserylarginylalanylglycyl-
valylthreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylalanylalanylleucylprolylleu-
cylasparaginylhistidylleucylvalylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosylasparagi-
nylalanylalanylprolylprolylleucylglutaminylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylse-
rylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyllysylalanylalanylisoleucylaspartylalanyl-
glycylalanylalanylglycylalanylisoleucylserylglycylserylalanylisoleucylvalylly-
sylisoleucylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylhistidylasparaginylisoleucylglutamylpro-
lylglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylalanylleucyllysylvalylphenylalanylvalyl-
glutaminylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalanylthreonylarginylserine, n.:
	The chemical name for tryptophan synthetase A protein, a
	1,913-letter enzyme with 267 amino acids.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words
THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVELININTHENIGHTDUDE
Life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut.
I steal.
		-- Sam Giancana, explaining his livelihood to his draft board

Easy.  I own Chicago.  I own Miami.  I own Las Vegas.
		-- Sam Giancana, when asked what he did for a living
It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it
is.  If you don't, it's its.  Then too, it's hers.  It isn't her's.  It
isn't our's either.  It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
		-- Oxford University Press, Edpress News
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to
boot yourself in the posterior.
		-- A.J. Liebling, "The Press"
You just know when a relationship is about to end.  My girlfriend called me
at work and asked me how you change a lightbulb in the bathroom.  "It's very
simple," I said. "You start by filling up the bathtub with water..."
If you fail to plan, plan to fail.
Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"
IV. The time required for an object to fall twenty stories is greater than or
    equal to the time it takes for whoever knocked it off the ledge to
    spiral down twenty flights to attempt to capture it unbroken.
	Such an object is inevitably priceless, the attempt to capture it
	inevitably unsuccessful.
 V. All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
	Psychic forces are sufficient in most bodies for a shock to propel
	them directly away from the earth's surface.  A spooky noise or an
	adversary's signature sound will induce motion upward, usually to
	the cradle of a chandelier, a treetop, or the crest of a flagpole.
	The feet of a character who is running or the wheels of a speeding
	auto need never touch the ground, especially when in flight.
VI. As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once.
	This is particularly true of tooth-and-claw fights, in which a
	character's head may be glimpsed emerging from the cloud of
	altercation at several places simultaneously.  This effect is common
	as well among bodies that are spinning or being throttled.  A "wacky"
	character has the option of self-replication only at manic high
	speeds and may ricochet off walls to achieve the velocity required.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980
We have phasers, I vote we blast 'em!
		-- Bailey, "The Corbomite Maneuver", stardate 1514.2
QOTD:
	"My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"
If you would understand your own age, read the works of fiction produced
in it.  People in disguise speak freely.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know.
		-- Mark Twain
Well, fancy giving money to the Government!
Might as well have put it down the drain.
Fancy giving money to the Government!
Nobody will see the stuff again.
Well, they've no idea what money's for --
Ten to one they'll start another war.
I've heard a lot of silly things, but, Lor'!
Fancy giving money to the Government!
		-- A.P. Herbert
Most people need some of their problems to help take their mind off
some of the others.
Mountain Dew and doughnuts...  because breakfast is the most important meal
of the day.
"I got everybody to pay up front...then I blew up their planet."
  "Now why didn't I think of that?"
-- Post Bros. Comics
The relative importance of files depends on their cost in terms of the
human effort needed to regenerate them.
		-- T.A. Dolotta
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there
is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty
Often have a share in their misfortunes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Caucasian Chalk Circle"
Universities are places of knowledge.  The freshman each bring a little
in with them, and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.
If a can of Alpo costs 38 cents, would it cost $2.50 in Dog Dollars?
The worst part of having success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
		-- Bette Midler
You should go home.
Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
		-- The Mad Dogtender
The nation that controls magnetism controls the universe.
		-- Chester Gould/Dick Tracy
You can now buy more gates with less specifications than at any other time
in history.
		-- Kenneth Parker
This product is meant for educational purposes only.  Any resemblance to real
persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.  Void where prohibited.  Some
assembly may be required.  Batteries not included.  Contents may settle during
shipment.  Use only as directed.  May be too intense for some viewers.  If
condition persists, consult your physician.  No user-serviceable parts inside.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.  Not responsible for direct,
indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error
or failure to perform.  Slippery when wet.  For office use only.  Substantial
penalty for early withdrawal.  Do not write below this line.  Your cancelled
check is your receipt.  Avoid contact with skin.  Employees and their families
are not eligible.  Beware of dog.  Driver does not carry cash.  Limited time
offer, call now to insure prompt delivery.  Use only in well-ventilated area.
Keep away from fire or flame.  Some equipment shown is optional.  Price does
not include taxes, dealer prep, or delivery.  Penalty for private use.  Call
toll free before digging.  Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product
appear for identification purposes only.  All models over 18 years of age.  Do
not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment.  Postage will be
paid by addressee.  Apply only to affected area.  One size fits all.  Many
suitcases look alike.  Edited for television.  No solicitors.  Reproduction
strictly prohibited.  Restaurant package, not for resale.  Objects in mirror
are closer than they appear.  Decision of judges is final.  This supersedes
all previous notices.  No other warranty expressed or implied.
Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.
Nobody is one block of harmony.  We are all afraid of something, or feel
limited in something.  We all need somebody to talk to.  It would be good
if we talked to each other--not just pitter-patter, but real talk.  We
shouldn't be so afraid, because most people really like this contact;
that you show you are vulnerable makes them free to be vulnerable too.
It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
		-- Liv Ullman
Yesterday I was a dog.  Today I'm a dog.  Tomorrow I'll probably still
be a dog. Sigh!  There's so little hope for advancement.
		-- Snoopy
But what can you do with it?  -- ubiquitous cry from Linux-user partner.
(Submitted by Andy Pearce, ajp@hpopd.pwd.hp.com)
	Graduating seniors, parents and friends...
	Let me begin by reassuring you that my remarks today will stand up
to the most stringent requirements of the new appropriateness.
	The intra-college sensitivity advisory committee has vetted the
text of even trace amounts of subconscious racism, sexism and classism.
	Moreover, a faculty panel of deconstructionists have reconfigured
the rhetorical components within a post-structuralist framework, so as to
expunge any offensive elements of western rationalism and linear logic.
	Finally, all references flowing from a white, male, eurocentric
perspective have been eliminated, as have any other ruminations deemed
denigrating to the political consensus of the moment.

	Thank you and good luck.
		-- Doonesbury, the University Chancellor's graduation speech.
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.
I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new
one every day.
		-- Heine
The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of
management is that success equals skill.
		-- Robert Heller
Q:	How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those
	Californians trying to share the experience.
A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets
people's attention.
Fakir, n:
	A psychologist whose charismatic data have inspired almost
	religious devotion in his followers, even though the sources
	seem to have shinnied up a rope and vanished.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut.
Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.
The grand leap of the whale up the Fall of Niagara is esteemed, by all
who have seen it, as one of the finest spectacles in nature.
		-- Benjamin Franklin.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would
be a merrier world.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien
When I left you, I was but the pupil.  Now, I am the master.
- Darth Vader
A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
		-- Lillian Day
"Let every man teach his son, teach his daughter, that labor is honorable."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause,
while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
		-- Wilhelm Stekel
People respond to people who respond.
Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.
Q:	What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
A:	Chewing gum.
You never gain something but that you lose something.
		-- Thoreau
I'm having fun HITCHHIKING to CINCINNATI or FAR ROCKAWAY!!
I'm pretending I'm pulling in a TROUT!  Am I doing it correctly??
The more they over-think the plumbing the easier it is to stop up the drain.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
	Proposed Country & Western Song Titles
I Don't Mind If You Lie to Me, As Long As I Ain't Lyin' Alone
I Wouldn't Take You to a Dog Fight Even If I Thought You Could Win
If You Leave Me, Walk Out Backwards So I'll Think You're Comin' In
Since You Learned to Lip-Sync, I'm At Your Disposal
My John Deere Was Breaking Your Field, While Your Dear John Was
	Breaking My Heart
Don't Cry, Little Darlin', You're Waterin' My Beer
Tennis Must Be Your Racket, 'Cause Love Means Nothin' to You
When You Say You Love Me, You're Full of Prunes, 'Cause Living
	With You Is the Pits
I Wanted Your Hand in Marriage but All I Got Was the Finger
		-- "Wordplay"
The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
		-- Harlan Ellison
Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
Life is like a simile.
If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.
Everyone was born right-handed.  Only the greatest overcome it.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Reunite Gondwondaland!
Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same
rate as computers and over the same period:  how much cheaper and more efficient
would the current models be?  If you have not already heard the analogy, the
answer is shattering.  Today you would be able to buy a Rolls-Royce for $2.75,
it would do three million miles to the gallon, and it would deliver enough
power to drive the Queen Elizabeth II.  And if you were interested in
miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on a pinhead.
-- Christopher Evans
Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when
you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even worse.
		-- Avery
bit, n:
	A unit of measure applied to color.  Twenty-four-bit color
	refers to expensive $3 color as opposed to the cheaper 25
	cent, or two-bit, color that use to be available a few years ago.
With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time
they make a law it's a joke.
		-- Will Rogers
Snakes.  Why did it have to be snakes?
		-- Indiana Jones, "Raiders of the Lost Ark"
Higgeldy Piggeldy,
Hamlet of Elsinore
Ruffled the critics by
Dropping this bomb:
"Phooey on Freud and his
Psychoanalysis --
Oedipus, Shmoedipus,
I just love Mom."
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American:
	The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.
For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief
vacations at this country inn.  The last time he'd finally managed an
affair with the innkeeper's daughter.  Looking forward to an exciting
few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped
short.  There sat his lover with an infant on her lap!
	"Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?"
he cried.  "I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married,
and the baby would have my name!"
	"Well," she said, "when my folks found out about my condition,
we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be
better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer."
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
		-- Alexander Hamilton
Real programmers disdain structured programming.  Structured programming is
for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet- trained.  They wear
neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise clear desks.
Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London
The most serious doubt that has been thrown on the authenticity of the
biblical miracles is the fact that most of the witnesses in regard to
them were fishermen.
		-- Arthur Binstead
When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the assembled bar patrons.
A loud general cheer went up.  After downing his whiskey, he hopped onto a
barstool and shouted "When I take another drink, *everybody* takes another
drink!"  The announcement produced another cheer and another round of drinks.
	As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back
onto the stool.  "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto
the bar, "*everybody* pays!"
As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree" -- probably because it's
so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
		-- Woody Allen
New York... when civilization falls apart, remember, we were way ahead of you.
- David Letterman
XXI:
	It's easy to get a loan unless you need it.
XXII:
	If stock market experts were so expert, they would be buying stock,
	not selling advice.
XXIII:
	Any task can be completed in only one-third more time than is
	currently estimated.
XXIV:
	The only thing more costly than stretching the schedule of an
	established project is accelerating it, which is itself the most
	costly action known to man.
XXV:
	A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete
	or a new canvas to an artist.
		-- Norman Augustine
Lack of skill dictates economy of style.
- Joey Ramone
Time washes clean
Love's wounds unseen.
That's what someone told me;
But I don't know what it means.
		-- Linda Ronstadt, "Long Long Time"
Woolsey-Swanson Rule:
	People would rather live with a problem they cannot
	solve rather than accept a solution they cannot understand.
And now for something completely the same.
"They make a desert and call it peace."
		-- Tacitus (55?-120?)
Genius doesn't work on an assembly line basis.  You can't simply say,
"Today I will be brilliant."
		-- Kirk, "The Ultimate Computer", stardate 4731.3
David Brinkley: The daily astrological charts are precisely where, in my
  judgment, they belong, and that is on the comic page.
George Will:  I don't think astrology belongs even on the comic pages.
  The comics are making no truth claim.
Brinkley:  Where would you put it?
Will:  I wouldn't put it in the newspaper.  I think it's transparent rubbish.
  It's a reflection of an idea that we expelled from Western thought in the
  sixteenth century, that we are in the center of a caring universe.  We are
  not the center of the universe, and it doesn't care.  The star's alignment
  at the time of our birth -- that is absolute rubbish.  It is not funny to
  have it intruded among people who have nuclear weapons.
Sam Donaldson:  This isn't something new.  Governor Ronald Reagan was sworn
  in just after midnight in his first term in Sacramento because the stars
  said it was a propitious time.
Will:  They [horoscopes] are utter crashing banalities.  They could apply to
  anyone and anything.
Brinkley:  When is the exact moment [of birth]?  I don't think the nurse is
  standing there with a stopwatch and a notepad.
Donaldson:  If we're making decisions based on the stars -- that's a cockamamie
  thing.  People want to know.
-- "This Week" with David Brinkley, ABC Television, Sunday, May 8, 1988,
   excerpts from a discussion on Astrology and Reagan
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmers be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
It is not best to swap horses while crossing the river.
-- Abraham Lincoln
Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
- Paul Tillich, German theologian and historian
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Many pages make a thick book.
lighthouse, n.:
	A tall building on the seashore in which the government
	maintains a lamp and the friend of a politician.
But it's real.  And if it's real it can be affected ...  we may not be able
to break it, but, I'll bet you credits to Navy Beans we can put a dent in it.
		-- deSalle, "Catspaw", stardate 3018.2
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
	While riding in a train between London and Birmingham, a woman
inquired of Oscar Wilde, "You don't mind if I smoke, do you?"
	Wilde gave her a sidelong glance and replied, "I don't mind if
you burn, madam."
"Besides, I think [Slackware] sounds better than 'Microsoft,' don't you?"
(By Patrick Volkerding)
When I left you, I was but the pupil.  Now, I am the master.
- Darth Vader
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know.
		-- Mark Twain
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
Do not meddle in the affairs of troff, for it is subtle and quick to anger.
Only through hard work and perseverance can one truly suffer.
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls...
if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee.
Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are.
If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.
		-- Lewis Carroll
667:
	The neighbor of the beast.
Those who hate and fight must stop themselves -- otherwise it is not stopped.
		-- Spock, "Day of the Dove", stardate unknown
flannister, n.:
	The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.
If a guru falls in the forest with no one to hear him, was he really a
guru at all?
		-- Strange de Jim, "The Metasexuals"
"Experience has proved that some people indeed know everything."
-- Russell Baker
Yes, it is written.  Good shall always destroy evil.
		-- Sirah the Yang, "The Omega Glory", stardate unknown
	... with liberty and justice for all ... who can afford it.
The most common form of marriage proposal: "YOU'RE WHAT!?"
A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him
what he meant.
		-- Wilson Mizner
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature,
An endothermic quadroped, carnivorous by nature.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses
Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations,
A singular development of cat communications
That obviates your basic hedonistic predelection
For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents:
You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance;
And when not being utilitized to aid in locomotion,
It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display
Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend,
I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend.
	-- Lt. Cmdr. Data, "An Ode to Spot"
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be
unhappy.
		-- Groucho Marx
Things are not as simple as they seems at first.
- Edward Thorp
About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.
The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a
business trip, thought he would pay his boy a suprise visit.  Arriving at the
lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.  After several minutes
of knocking, a sleepy voice drifted down from a second-floor window,
	"Whaddaya want?"
	"Does Ramsey Duncan live here?" asked the father.
	"Yeah," replied the voice.  "Dump him on the front porch."
(1) Everything depends.
(2) Nothing is always.
(3) Everything is sometimes.
... most of us learned about love the hard way.  Even warnings are probably
useless, for somehow, despite the severest warnings of parents and friends,
hundreds, thousands of women have forgotten themselves at the last minute
and succumbed to the lies, promises, flatteries, or mere attentions of
lusting, lovely men, landing themselves in complicated predicaments from
which some of them never recovered during their entire lives.  And I am not
speaking only of your teenaged Midwesterners in 1958; I'm speaking of women
of every age in every city in every year.  The notorious sexual revolution
has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
		-- Alix Kates Shulman
Measure twice, cut once.
FROZEN ENTREES may be flung by members of opposing SWANSON SECTS ...
This is the ____LAST time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!
Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
		-- Marc Price
Some men are so macho they'll get you pregnant just to kill a rabbit.
		-- Maureen Murphy
[Norm is angry.]

Woody: What can I get you, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Clifford Clavin's head.
		-- Cheers, The Triangle

Sam:  Hey, what's happening, Norm?
Norm: Well, it's a dog-eat-dog world, Sammy,
      and I'm wearing Milk-Bone underwear.
		-- Cheers, The Peterson Principle

Sam:  How's life in the fast lane, Normie?
Norm: Beats me, I can't find the on-ramp.
		-- Cheers, Diane Chambers Day
In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools
will be temporarily canceled.
alta, v:	To change; make or become different; modify.
ansa, v:	A spoken or written reply, as to a question.
baa, n:		A place people meet to have a few drinks.
Baaston, n:	The capital of Massachusetts.
baaba, n:	One whose business is to cut or trim hair or beards.
beea, n:	An alcoholic beverage brewed from malt and hops, often
			found in baas.
caaa, n:	An automobile.
centa, n:	A point around which something revolves; axis.  (Or
			someone involved with the Knicks.)
chouda, n:	A thick seafood soup, often in a milk base.
dada, n:	Information, esp. information organized for analysis or
			computation.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary
Some men feel that the only thing they owe the woman who marries them
is a grudge.
		-- Helen Rowland
Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
		-- F. Scott Fitzgerald, "The Crack Up"
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
I like myself, but I won't say I'm as handsome as the bull that kidnapped
Europa.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero
This login session: $13.99
Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics:
	Population density is inversely proportional
	to the square of the distance from the keg.
QOTD:
	"I won't say he's untruthful, but his wife has to call the
	dog for dinner."
I finally went to the eye doctor.  I got contacts.  I only need them to
read, so I got flip-ups.
		-- Steven Wright
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #15

	"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses."
	And while you're at it, throw in a couple of those Dallas
	Cowboy cheerleaders.
You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
		-- Cyrus, Chicago Reader 1/22/82
I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
		-- Dennis Ritchie
modesty, n.:
	Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.
Decemba, n:	The 12th month of the year.
erra, n:	A mistake.
faa, n:		To, from, or at considerable distance.
Linder, n:	A female name.
memba, n:	To recall to the mind; think of again.
New Hampsha, n:	A state in the northeast United States.
New Yaak, n:	Another state in the northeast United States.
Novemba, n:	The 11th month of the year.
Octoba, n:	The 10th month of the year.
ova, n:		Location above or across a specified position.  What the
			season is when the Knicks quit playing.
		-- Massachewsetts Unabridged Dictionary
Duty, n:
	What one expects from others.
		-- Oscar Wilde
QOTD:
	"I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance."
Famous last words:
This is clearly another case of too many mad scientists, and not enough
hunchbacks.
Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
		-- Thomas Tusser
Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware.  Hardware has
limitations, software doesn't.  It's a real shame that Turing machines are
so poor at I/O.
Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous.  In war,
you can only be killed once.
		-- Winston Churchill
Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and
the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the
world.
		-- Robert Stone
A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as
"you could blow it in" may be blown in.  This rule does not apply if
the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants
to make a travesty of the game.
		-- Donald A. Metz
You will not be elected to public office this year.
System going down in 5 minutes.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
		-- e.e. cummings
Do I have a lifestyle yet?
Here I am again right where I know I shouldn't be
I've been caught inside this trap too many times
I must've walked these steps and said these words a
	thousand times before
It seems like I know everybody's lines.
		-- David Bromberg, "How Late'll You Play 'Til?"
Anoint, v.:
	To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently
	slippery.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
The three biggest software lies:
	(1) *Of course* we'll give you a copy of the source.
	(2) *Of course* the third party vendor we bought that from
	    will fix the microcode.
	(3) Beta test site?  No, *of course* you're not a beta test site.
The Junior God now heads the roll
In the list of heaven's peers;
He sits in the House of High Control,
And he regulates the spheres.
Yet does he wonder, do you suppose,
If, even in gods divine,
The best and wisest may not be those
Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
		-- Robert W. Service
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's
listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
Elephant, n.:
	A mouse built to government specifications.
"Every man has his price.  Mine is $3.95."
			Pittsburgh driver's test

(2) A traffic light at an intersection changes from yellow to red, you should

	(a) stop immediately.
	(b) proceed slowly through the intersection.
	(c) blow the horn.
	(d) floor it.

The correct answer is (d). If you said (c), you were almost right, so
give yourself a half point.
The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
		-- Scotty
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and
that is not being talked about.
		-- Oscar Wilde
She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them were bad.
	Now, you might ask, "How do I get one of those complete home tool
sets for under $4?" An excellent question.
	Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell
plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where they
have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of Raisinets and
malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon administration.  In either
the hardware or housewares department, you'll find an item imported from an
obscure Oriental country and described as "Nine Tools in One", consisting of
a little handle with interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental
notions of tools that Americans might use around the home.  Buy it.
	This is the kind of tool set professionals use.  Not only is it
inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the
so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off if
you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to direct
sunlight.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
Are you ever going to do the dishes?  Or will you change your major to biology?
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
		-- Irene Peter
sushi, n.:
	When that-which-may-still-be-alive is put on top of rice and
	strapped on with electrical tape.
* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.
	A doctor, an architect, and a computer scientist were arguing about 
whose profession was the oldest.  In the course of their arguments, they
got all the way back to the Garden of Eden, whereupon the doctor said, "The
medical profession is clearly the oldest, because Eve was made from Adam's
rib, as the story goes, and that was a simply incredible surgical feat."
	The architect did not agree.  He said, "But if you look at the Garden 
itself, in the beginning there was chaos and void, and out of that the Garden 
and the world were created.  So God must have been an architect."
	The computer scientist, who'd listened carefully to all of this, then 
commented, "Yes, but where do you think the chaos came from?"
The average Ph.D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from
one graveyard to another.
		-- J. Frank Dobie, "A Texan in England"
There are no games on this system.
A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn
in no other way.
Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.
Brandy Davis, an outfielder and teammate of mine with the Pittsburgh Pirates,
is my choice for team captain.  Cincinnatti was beating us 3-1, and I led
off the bottom of the eighth with a walk.  The next hitter banged a hard
single to right field.  Feeling the wind at my back, I rounded second and
kept going, sliding safely into third base.
	With runners at first and third, and home-run hitter Ralph Kiner at
bat, our manager put in the fast Brandy Davis to run for the player at first.
Even with Kiner hitting and a change to win the game with a home run, Brandy
took off for second and made it.  Now we had runners at second and third.
	I'm standing at third, knowing I'm not going anywhere, and see Brandy
start to take a lead.  All of a sudden, here he comes.  He makes a great slide
into third, and I scream, "Brandy, where are you going?"  He looks up, and
shouts, "Back to second if I can make it."
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"
Ma Bell is a mean mother!
According to Kentucky state law, every person must take a bath at least
once a year.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #5
A:	The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
Q:	Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.
[Maturity consists in the discovery that] there comes a critical moment
where everything is reversed, after which the point becomes to understand
more and more that there is something which cannot be understood.
		-- S. Kierkegaard
Life is a game.  In order to have a game, something has to be more
important than something else.  If what already is, is more important
than what isn't, the game is over.  So, life is a game in which what
isn't, is more important than what is.  Let the good times roll.
		-- Werner Erhard
Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really over-
whelming majority of the crowd present.  Abusive and obscene language may
not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging panel,
or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing contestants
(unless struck by a boomerang).
		-- Mudgeeraba Creek Emu-Riding and Boomerang-Throwing Assoc.
I'm always looking for a new idea that will be more productive than its cost.
		-- David Rockefeller
Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
		-- One of Lazarus Long's most penetrating insights
	On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
There are lots of phrases.  My favorite is `nitwit' -- and the rationale
is the Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright,
non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do
several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works
best, write it down and make that the standard.
	The OSI view is entirely opposite.  You take written contributions
from a much larger community, you put the contributions in a room of
committee people with, quite honestly, vast political differences and all
with their own political axes to grind, and four years later you get
something out, usually without it ever having been implemented once.
	So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well,
then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write
it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it
after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is
committed to it.  One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think
it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
		-- Marshall Rose, "The Pied Piper of OSI"
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and
art into pedantry.  Hence University education.
		-- G. B. Shaw
Everyone who comes in here wants three things:
	(1) They want it quick.
	(2) They want it good.
	(3) They want it cheap.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
		-- sign on the back wall of a small printing company
How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter! the joints of thy
thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman.  Thy navel
is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor:  thy belly is like an heap
of wheat set about with lillies.
Thy two breasts are like two young roses that are twins.
[Song of Solomon 7:1-3 (KJV)]
"Once they go up, who cares where they come down?  That's not my department."
-- Werner von Braun
Traveling through New England, a motorist stopped for gas in a tiny village.
"What's this place called?" he asked the station attendant.
	"All depends," the native drawled.  "Do you mean by them that has
to live in this dad-blamed, moth-eaten, dust-covered, one-hoss dump, or
by them that's merely enjoying its quaint and picturesque rustic charms
for a short spell?"
"Paul Lynde to block..."
-- a contestant on "Hollywood Squares"
"Dump the condiments.  If we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good."
-- "Visionaries" cartoon
Real computer scientists don't write code.  They occasionally tinker with
`programming systems', but those are so high level that they hardly count 
(and rarely count accurately; precision is for applications).
"You are old, Father William," the young man said,
	"All your papers these days look the same;
Those William's would be better unread --
	Do these facts never fill you with shame?"

"In my youth," Father William replied to his son,
	"I wrote wonderful papers galore;
But the great reputation I found that I'd won,
	Made it pointless to think any more."
The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the
pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.
You will be married within a year.
Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
		-- Lord Kelvin, President, Royal Society, c. 1895
The vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that high
aims are worth-while.  Vigorous societies harbor a certain extravagance of
objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of personal
gratifications.  All strong interests easily become impersonal, the love of
a good job well done.  There is a sense of harmony about such an accomplishment,
the Peace brought by something worth-while.
- Alfred North Whitehead, 1963, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment
had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.  I told my roommate,
"Isn't this amazing?  Everything in the apartment has been stolen and
replaced with an exact replica."  He said, "Do I know you?"
		-- Steven Wright
A computer salesman visits a company president for the purpose of selling
the president one of the latest talking computers.
Salesman:	"This machine knows everything. I can ask it any quesstion
		and it'll give the correct answer.  Computer, what is the
		speed of light?"
Computer:	186,282 miles per second.
Salesman:	"Who was the first president of the United States?"
Computer:	George Washington.
President:	"I'm still not convinced. Let me ask a question.
		Where is my father?"
Computer:	Your father is fishing in Georgia.
President:	"Hah!! The computer is wrong. My father died over twenty
		years ago!"
Computer:	Your mother's husband died 22 years ago. Your father just
		landed a twelve pound bass.
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
My BIOLOGICAL ALARM CLOCK just went off ... It has noiseless DOZE
FUNCTION and full kitchen!!
Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.
One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't
understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was
reknowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the
time, which obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be
puzzled rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Quality control, n.:
	Assuring that the quality of a product does not get out of hand
	and add to the cost of its manufacture or design.
You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
		-- Tim Leary
I can't mate in captivity.
		-- Gloria Steinem, on why she has never married.
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
		-- Publilius Syrus
IT MAKES ME MAD when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about
a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, "You can't throw
that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish."

Sure they eat fish if that's all you give them!  Man, wise up.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
		-- Howard Anderson, "Yankee Group"
Overdrawn?  But I still have checks left!
They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when
not actually threatened.  How very nice for authority.  I decided not to
learn this particular lesson.
		-- Richard Stallman
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize
the competent.
"Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even
one which cannot be justified on any other grounds."
		-- J. Finnegan, USC.
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp
Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
	All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.
"Inquiry is fatal to certainty."
-- Will Durant
I have an existential map.  It has "You are here" written all over it.
		-- Steven Wright
Real Users are afraid they'll break the machine -- but they're never
afraid to break your face.
"It is the creationists who blasphemously are claiming that God is cheating
 us in a stupid way."
-- J. W. Nienhuys
This sentence no verb.
The idea of man leaving this earth and flying to another celestial body and
landing there and stepping out and walking over that body has a fascination
and a driving force that can get the country to a level of energy, ambition,
and will that I do not see in any other undertaking.  I think if we are
honest with ourselves, we must admit that we needed that impetus extremely
strongly.  I sincerely believe that the space program, with its manned
landing on the moon, if wisely executed, will become the spearhead for a
broad front of courageous and energetic activities in all the fields of
endeavour of the human mind - activities which could not be carried out 
except in a mental climate of ambition and confidence which such a spearhead
can give.
- Dr. Martin Schwarzschild, 1962, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Moishe Margolies, who weighed all of 105 pounds and stood an even five feet
in his socks, was taking his first airplane trip. He took a seat next to a
hulking bruiser of a man who happened to be the heavyweight champion of
the world.  Little Moishe was uneasy enough before he even entered the plane,
but now the roar of the engines and the great height absolutely terrified him.
So frightened did he become that his stomach turned over and he threw up all
over the muscular giant siting beside him.  Fortunately, at least for Moishe,
the man was sound asleep.  But now the little man had another problem.  How in
the world would he ever explain the situation to the burly brute when he
awakened?  The sudden voice of the stewardess on the plane's intercom, finally
woke the bruiser, and Moishe, his heart in his mouth, rose to the occasion.
	"Feeling better now?" he asked solicitously.
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and
fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are
drifting side by side to our common doom.
		-- Clarence Darrow
Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virute
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
"Well I don't see why I have to make one man miserable when I can make so many 
men happy."
-- Ellyn Mustard, about marriage
Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the
next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it's the start of
a brand new series of three.
If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets
and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
		-- Garrison Keillor
I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute --
where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishoners for whom
to vote--where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference--and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or the
people who might elect him.
- from John F. Kennedy's address to the Greater Houston Ministerial Association
  September 12, 1960.
Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure;
Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
		-- George Gordon, Lord Byron, "Don Juan"
	A manager went to the master programmer and showed him the requirements
document for a new application.  The manager asked the master: "How long will
it take to design this system if I assign five programmers to it?"
	"It will take one year," said the master promptly.
	"But we need this system immediately or even sooner!  How long will it
take it I assign ten programmers to it?"
	The master programmer frowned.  "In that case, it will take two years."
	"And what if I assign a hundred programmers to it?"
	The master programmer shrugged.  "Then the design will never be
completed," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
VMS version 2.0 ==>
What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
		-- John Lubbock
Four thousand different MAGNATES, MOGULS & NABOBS are romping in my
gothic solarium!!
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
Security check: INTRUDER ALERT!
Too cool to calypso,
Too tough to tango,
Too weird to watusi
		-- The Only Ones
I come from a small town whose population never changed.  Each time a woman
got pregnant, someone left town.
		-- Michael Prichard
Catharsis is something I associate with pornography and crossword puzzles.
		-- Howard Chaykin
Heisengberg might have been here.
This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobozz Magic Co., Ltd.
Chef, n.:
	Any cook who swears in French.
	A sheet of paper crossed my desk the other day and as I read it,
realization of a basic truth came over me.  So simple!  So obvious we couldn't
see it.  John Knivlen, Chairman of Polamar Repeater Club, an amateur radio
group, had discovered how IC circuits work.  He says that smoke is the thing
that makes ICs work because every time you let the smoke out of an IC circuit,
it stops working.  He claims to have verified this with thorough testing.
	I was flabbergasted!  Of course!  Smoke makes all things electrical
work.  Remember the last time smoke escaped from your Lucas voltage regulator
Didn't it quit working?  I sat and smiled like an idiot as more of the truth
dawned.  It's the wiring harness that carries the smoke from one device to
another in your Mini, MG or Jag.  And when the harness springs a leak, it lets
the smoke out of everything at once, and then nothing works.  The starter motor
requires large quantities of smoke to operate properly, and that's why the wire
going to it is so large.
	Feeling very smug, I continued to expand my hypothesis.  Why are Lucas
electronics more likely to leak than say Bosch?  Hmmm...  Aha!!!  Lucas is
British, and all things British leak!  British convertible tops leak water,
British engines leak oil, British displacer units leak hydrostatic fluid, and
I might add Brititsh tires leak air, and the British defense unit leaks
secrets... so naturally British electronics leak smoke.
		-- Jack Banton, PCC Automotive Electrical School

	[Ummm ... IC circuits?  Integrated circuit circuits?]
Heisengberg might have been here.
You will have a long and boring life.
It's been a business doing pleasure with you.
If God had meant for us to be in the Army, we would have been born with
green, baggy skin.
Are we running light with overbyte?
What segment's this, that, laid to rest
On FHA0, is sleeping?
What system file, lay here a while	This, this is "acct.run,"
While hackers around it were weeping?	Accounting file for everyone.
					Dump, dump it and type it out,
					The file, the highseg of login.
Why lies it here, on public disk
And why is it now unprotected?
A bug in incant, made it thus.		Mount, mount all your DECtapes now
And copy the file somehow, somehow.	The problem has not been corrected.
					Dump, dump it and type it out,
					The file, the highseg of login.
		-- to Greensleeves
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
		-- George Orwell
Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it.
		-- Mark Twain
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
FORTRAN rots the brain.
		-- John McQuillin
aquadextrous, adj.:
	Possessing the ability to turn the bathtub faucet on and off
	with your toes.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
[The French Riviera is] a sunny place for shady people.
		-- Somerset Maugham
Only through hard work and perseverance can one truly suffer.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
		-- Groucho Marx
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
		-- Gore Vidal
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman
Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church,
nor by any Church that I know of.  My own mind is my own Church.
- Thomas Paine
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
I went on to test the program in every way I could devise.  I strained
it to expose its weaknesses.  I ran it for high-mass stars and low-mass
stars, for stars born exceedingly hot and those born relatively cold.
I ran it assuming the superfluid currents beneath the crust to be
absent -- not because I wanted to know the answer, but because I had
developed an intuitive feel for the answer in this particular case.
Finally I got a run in which the computer showed the pulsar's
temperature to be less than absolute zero.  I had found an error.  I
chased down the error and fixed it.  Now I had improved the program to
the point where it would not run at all.
		-- George Greenstein, "Frozen Star: Of Pulsars, Black
		   Holes and the Fate of Stars"
Leona, I want to CONFESS things to you ... I want to WRAP you in a SCARLET
ROBE trimmed with POLYVINYL CHLORIDE ... I want to EMPTY your ASHTRAYS ...
It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
		-- Phil White
"Well hello there Charlie Brown, you blockhead."
-- Lucy Van Pelt
Who is D.B. Cooper, and where is he now?
YOU!!  Give me the CUTEST, PINKEST, most charming little VICTORIAN
DOLLHOUSE you can find!!  An make it SNAPPY!!
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas
The more I know men the more I like my horse.
Oblivion together does not frighten me, beloved.
		-- Thalassa (in Anne Mulhall's body), "Return to Tomorrow",
		   stardate 4770.3.
Humor in the Court:
Q.  Did you ever stay all night with this man in New York?
A.  I refuse to answer that question.
Q.  Did you ever stay all night with this man in Chicago?
A.  I refuse to answer that question.
Q.  Did you ever stay all night with this man in Miami?
A.  No.
Dear Miss Manners:
Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.

Gentle Reader:
Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face. If
the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic
discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief, and
go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth along
your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.  If, however,
the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more intimate
nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your pink tongue.
Fourteen years in the professor dodge has taught me that one can argue
ingeniously on behalf of any theory, applied to any piece of literature.
This is rarely harmful, because normally no-one reads such essays.
		-- Robert Parker, quoted in "Murder Ink",  ed. D. Wynn
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
"Now I've got the bead on you with MY disintegrating gun.  And when it 
disintegrates, it disintegrates.  (pulls trigger)  Well, what you do know, 
it disintegrated."
-- Duck Dodgers in the 24th and a half century
Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
Oregano, n.:
	The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.
You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussetts income tax forms
Inadmissible:  Not competent to be considered.  Said of certain kinds of
testimony which juries are supposed to be unfit to be entrusted with,
and which judges, therefore, rule out, even of proceedings before themselves
alone.  Hearsay evidence is inadmissible because the person quoted was
unsworn and is not before the court for examination; yet most momentous 
actions, military, political, commercial and of every other kind, are
daily undertaken on hearsay evidence.  There is no religion in the world
that has any other basis than hearsay evidence.  Revelation is hearsay
evidence; that the Scriptures are the word of God we have only the
testimony of men long dead whose identy is not clearly established and
who are not known to have been sworn in any sense.  Under the rules of
evidence as they now exist in this country, no single assertion in the
Bible has in its support any evidence admissible in a court of law...

But as records of courts of justice are admissible, it can easily be proved
that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed and were a scourge to
mankind.  The evidence (including confession) upon which certain women
were convicted of witchcraft and executed was without a flaw; it is still
unimpeachable.  The judges' decisions based on it were sound in logic and
in law.  Nothing in any existing court was ever more thoroughly proved than
the charges of witchcraft and sorcery for which so many suffered death.
If there were no witches, human testimony and human reason are alike
destitute of value.  --Ambrose Bierce
Q:	What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
A:	The very best person they can possibly be.
For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a cat.
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb
At the heart of science is an essential tension between two seemingly
contradictory attitudes -- an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre
or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny
of all ideas, old and new.  This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep
nonsense.  Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the
world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism:  The collective
enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the
field on track.
-- Carl Sagan, "The Fine Art of Baloney Detection," Parade, February 1, 1987
It takes a smart husband to have the last word and not use it.
Immortality -- a fate worse than death.
		-- Edgar A. Shoaff
The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach
their children to speak it.
		-- G. B. Shaw
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the
stupidity of your action.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman
Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church,
nor by any Church that I know of.  My own mind is my own Church.
- Thomas Paine
Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts
to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
		-- Albert Einstein
Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for
those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking up.
		-- Chicago Reader 4/22/83
When choosing between two evils, I always like to take the one I've never
tried before.
		-- Mae West, "Klondike Annie"
QUESTION AUTHORITY.

(Sez who?)
Hmmm ... A hash-singer and a cross-eyed guy were SLEEPING on a deserted
island, when ...
"Never face facts; if you do, you'll never get up in the morning."
-- Marlo Thomas
The primary purpose of the DATA statement is to give names to constants;
instead of referring to pi as 3.141592653589793 at every appearance, the
variable PI can be given that value with a DATA statement and used instead
of the longer form of the constant.  This also simplifies modifying the
program, should the value of pi change.
		-- FORTRAN manual for Xerox Computers
Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
Hailing frequencies open, Captain.
"The urge to destroy is also a creative urge."
-- Bakunin
[ed. note - I would say: The urge to destroy may sometimes be a creative urge.]
Have you ever felt like a wounded cow
halfway between an oven and a pasture?
walking in a trance toward a pregnant
	seventeen-year-old housewife's
	two-day-old cookbook?
		-- Richard Brautigan
Q:	Why is it that the more accuracy you demand from an interpolation
	function, the more expensive it becomes to compute?
A:	That's the Law of Spline Demand.
Advancement in position.
I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.
I think a relationship is like a shark.  It has to constantly move forward
or it dies.  Well, what we have on our hands here is a dead shark.
		-- Woody Allen
Men's skin is different from women's skin.  It is usually bigger, and
it has more snakes tattooed on it.  Also, if you examine a woman's skin
very closely, inch by inch, starting at her shapely ankles, then gently
tracing the slender curve of her calves, then moving up to her ...

[EDITOR'S NOTE: To make room for news articles about important world events
such as agriculture, we're going to delete the next few square feet of the
woman's skin.  Thank you.]

... until finally the two of you are lying there, spent, smoking your
cigarettes, and suddenly it hits you: Human skin is actually made up of
billions of tiny units of protoplasm, called "cells"!  And what is even more
interesting, the ones on the outside are all dying!  This is a fact.  Your
skin is like an aggressive modern corporation, where the older veteran
cells, who have finally worked their way to the top and obtained offices
with nice views, are constantly being shoved out the window head first,
without so much as a pension plan, by younger hotshot cells moving up from
below.
		-- Dave Barry, "Saving Face"
"I'm not a god, I was misquoted."
-- Lister, Red Dwarf
Shedenhelm's Law:
	All trails have more uphill sections than they have downhill sections.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I salivate at the sight of mittens.
 2. If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
 3. Some people never look at me.
 4. Spinach makes me feel alone.
 5. My sex life is A-okay.
 6. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
 7. I like to kill mosquitoes.
 8. Cousins are not to be trusted.
 9. It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
10. I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
11. I think most people would cry to gain a point.
12. I cannot read or write.
13. I am bored by thoughts of death.
14. I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
15. I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
16. I am never startled by a fish.
17. My mother's uncle was a good man.
18. I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
19. People who break the law are wise guys.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.
Many a wife thinks her husband is the world's greatest lover.
But she can never catch him at it.
Happiness is a hard disk.
Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey will catch more flies than
a gallon of vinegar.
		-- B. Franklin
Post proelium, praemium.
	[After the battle, the reward.]
prairies, n.:
	Vast plains covered by treeless forests.
hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub.
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp
love, v.:
	I'll let you play with my life if you'll let me play with yours.
How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately,
no one we know belongs.
Women aren't as mere as they used to be.
		-- Pogo
There is perhaps in every thing of any consequence, secret history, which
it would be amusing to know, could we have it authentically communicated.
		-- James Boswell
"Whip me.  Beat me.  Make me maintain AIX."
(By Stephan Zielinski)
I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini.
		-- Alexander Woolcott
Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.
The trouble is, there is an endless supply of White Men, but there has
always been a limited number of Human Beings.
		-- Little Big Man
I feel like I am sharing a ``CORN-DOG'' with NIKITA KHRUSCHEV ...
A comment on schedules:
 Ok, how long will it take?    
   For each manager involved in initial meetings add one month.
   For each manager who says "data flow analysis" add another month.
   For each unique end-user type add one month.
   For each unknown software package to be employed add two months.
   For each unknown hardware device add two months.
   For each 100 miles between developer and installation add one month.
   For each type of communication channel add one month.
   If an IBM mainframe shop is involved and you are working on a non-IBM
      system add 6 months.
   If an IBM mainframe shop is involved and you are working on an IBM
      system add 9 months.
Round up to the nearest half-year.
--Brad Sherman
By the way, ALL software projects are done by iterative prototyping.
Some companies call their prototypes "releases", that's all.
I am getting into abstract painting.  Real abstract -- no brush, no canvas,
I just think about it.  I just went to an art museum where all of the art
was done by children.  All the paintings were hung on refrigerators.
		-- Steven Wright
We don't know one millionth of one percent about anything.
No committee could ever come up with anything as revolutionary as a camel --
anything as practical and as perfectly designed to perform effectively under
such difficult conditions.
		-- Laurence J. Peter
=======================================================================
||								     ||
|| The FORTUNE-COOKIE program is soon to be a Major Motion Picture!  ||
||	   Watch for it at a theater near you next summer!	     ||
||								     ||
=======================================================================
	Francis Ford Coppola presents a George Lucas Production:
			"Fortune Cookie"
	Directed by Steven Spielberg.
	Starring  Harrison Ford  Bette Midler  Marlon Brando
		  Christopher Reeves  Marilyn Chambers
		  and Bob Hope as "The Waiter".
	Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin.
	Special Effects by Timothy Leary.
	Read the Warner paperback!
	Invoke the Unix program!
	Soundtrack on XTC Records.
	In 70mm and Dolby Stereo at selected theaters and terminal
		centers.
When taxes are due, Americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.
It is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but it
is also very memorable.  I vividly recall the night we decided how to organize
the actual writing of external specifications for OS/360.  The manager of
architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and I were
threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities.

The architecture manager had 10 good men.  He asserted that they could write
the specifications and do it right.  It would take ten months, three more
than the schedule allowed.

The control program manager had 150 men.  He asserted that they could prepare
the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating; it would be 
well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule.  Futhermore, if
the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling their thumbs
for ten months.

To this the architecture manager responded that if I gave the control program
team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time, but would
also be three months late, and of much lower quality.  I did, and it was.  He
was right on both counts.  Moreover, the lack of conceptual integrity made
the system far more costly to build and change, and I would estimate that it
added a year to debugging time.
- Frederick Brooks Jr., "The Mythical Man Month" 
Fishbowl, n.:
	A glass-enclosed isolation cell where newly promoted managers are
	kept for observation.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which millionaires
tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
		-- Nero Wolfe
Keep in mind always the four constant Laws of Frisbee:
	(1) The most powerful force in the world is that of a disc
	   straining to land under a car, just out of reach (this
	   force is technically termed "car suck").
	(2) Never precede any maneuver by a comment more predictive
	   than "Watch this!"
	(3) The probability of a Frisbee hitting something is directly
	   proportional to the cost of hitting it.  For instance, a
	   Frisbee will always head directly towards a policeman or
	   a little old lady rather than the beat up Chevy.
	(4) Your best throw happens when no one is watching; when the
	   cute girl you've been trying to impress is watching, the
	   Frisbee will invariably bounce out of your hand or hit you
	   in the head and knock you silly.
Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
Serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
What we wish, that we readily believe.
		-- Demosthenes
[Sir Stafford Cripps] has all the virtues I dislike and none of the
vices I admire.
		-- Winston Churchill
There's no future in time travel.
Violence in reality is quite different from theory.
		-- Spock, "The Cloud Minders", stardate 5818.4
Stay away from flying saucers today.
If a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better,
and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can
convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health.
		-- Sir Peter Medawar, "The Art of the Soluble"
Any man can work when every stroke of his hand brings down the fruit
rattling from the tree to the ground; but to labor in season and out of
season, under every discouragement, by the power of truth -- that
requires a heroism which is transcendent.
		-- Henry Ward Beecher
The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog:
	The Great Bald Swamp Hedgehog of Billericay displays, in courtship,
	his single prickle and does impressions of Holiday Inn desk clerks.
	Since this means him standing motionless for enormous periods of
	time he is often eaten in full display by The Great Bald Swamp
	Hedgehog Eater.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
A robin redbreast in a cage
Puts all Heaven in a rage.
		-- Blake
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
		-- John Lennon, "Beautiful Boy"
"If it's not loud, it doesn't work!"
-- Blank Reg, from "Max Headroom"
Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
		-- Spock, "The Enterprise Incident", stardate 5027.4
My computer can beat up your computer.
- Karl Lehenbauer
Joshu:	What is the true Way?
Nansen:	Every way is the true Way.
J:	Can I study it?
N:	The more you study, the further from the Way.
J:	If I don't study it, how can I know it?
N:	The Way does not belong to things seen: nor to things unseen.
	It does not belong to things known: nor to things unknown.  Do
	not seek it, study it, or name it.  To find yourself on it, open
	yourself as wide as the sky.
If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time someone pulls
out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with your Bic.
"I say we take off; nuke the site from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure."
- Corporal Hicks, in "Aliens"
Under every stone lurks a politician.
		-- Aristophanes
Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
The eye is a menace to clear sight, the ear is a menace to subtle hearing,
the mind is a menace to wisdom, every organ of the senses is a menace to its
own capacity. ...  Fuss, the god of the Southern Ocean, and Fret, the god
of the Northern Ocean, happened once to meet in the realm of Chaos, the god
of the center.  Chaos treated them very handsomely and they discussed together
what they could do to repay his kindness.  They had noticed that, whereas
everyone else had seven apertures, for sight, hearing, eating, breathing and
so on, Chaos had none.  So they decided to make the experiment of boring holes
in him.  Every day they bored a hole, and on the seventh day, Chaos died.
		-- Chuang Tzu
Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.
		-- Tom Robbins
ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.
When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.
"Mr. Spock succumbs to a powerful mating urge and nearly kills Captain Kirk."
-- TV Guide, describing the Star Trek episode _Amok_Time_
All new:
	Parts not interchangeable with previous model.
"Don't drop acid, take it pass-fail!"
-- Bryan Michael Wendt
All heiresses are beautiful.
		-- John Dryden
Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.
BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of `Scientific Creationism'.
When you said "HEAVILY FORESTED" it reminded me of an overdue CLEANING
BILL ... Don't you SEE?  O'Grogan SWALLOWED a VALUABLE COIN COLLECTION
and HAD to murder the ONLY MAN who KNEW!!
A good man always knows his limitations.
		-- Harry Callahan
Aren't you glad you're not getting all the government you pay for now?
	Fred noticed his roommate had a black eye upon returning from a dance.
"What happened?"
	"I was struck by the beauty of the place."
Goodbye, cool world.
"It says he made us all to be just like him.  So if we're dumb, then god is
dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side."
-- Frank Zappa
... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been
found and thy program runneth.  And he that was dead came forth...
		-- John 11:43-44 [version 2.0?]
"The argument that the literal story of Genesis can qualify as science
collapses on three major grounds: the creationists' need to invoke
miracles in order to compress the events of the earth's history into
the biblical span of a few thousand years; their unwillingness to 
abandon claims clearly disproved, including the assertion that all
fossils are products of Noah's flood; and their reliance upon distortion,
misquote, half-quote, and citation out of context to characterize the
ideas of their opponents."
-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Verdict on Creationism", 
   The Skeptical Inquirer, Winter 87/88, pg. 186
The Shuttle is now going five times the sound of speed.
		-- Dan Rather, first landing of Columbia
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
		-- Henry Kissinger
I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.
When you're a Yup
You're a Yup all the way
From your first slice of Brie
To your last Cabernet.

When you're a Yup
You're not just a dreamer
You're making things happen
You're driving a Beamer.
Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.
The Roman Rule:
	The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the
	one who is doing it.
Editing is a rewording activity.
Cinemuck, n.:
	The combination of popcorn, soda, and melted chocolate which
	covers the floors of movie theaters.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
Unix:  Some say the learning curve is steep, but you only have to climb it once.
-- Karl Lehenbauer
Juall's Law on Nice Guys:
	Nice guys don't always finish last; sometimes they don't finish.
	Sometimes they don't even get a chance to start!
To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
Warp 7 -- It's a law we can live with.
Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken
him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him.  Such an excess of
stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
		-- Samuel Johnson
... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that,
lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of
their C programs.
		-- Robert Firth
Q:	What is purple and commutes?
A:	A boolean grape.
Blow it out your ear.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is that they
serve to represent the complex of our experiences; beyond this they have
no legitimacy.
		-- Albert Einstein
Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.
"I am, therefore I am."
-- Akira
Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
		-- Jean Anouilh
If you put it off long enough, it might go away.
Byte your tongue.
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

It is a rule of evidence deduced from the experience of mankind and
supported by reason and authority that positive testimony is entitled to
more weight than negative testimony, but by the latter term is meant
negative testimony in its true sense and not positive evidence of a
negative, because testimony in support of a negative may be as positive
as that in support of an affirmative.
		-- 254 Pac. Rep. 472.
Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.
Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
		-- Heard on Noahs' ark
"All language designers are arrogant.  Goes with the territory..."
(By Larry Wall)
WARNING!!!
This machine is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need.

A special circuit in the machine called "critical detector" senses the
operator's emotional state in terms of how desperate he/she is to use the
machine.  The "critical detector" then creates a malfunction proportional
to the desperation of the operator.  Threatening the machine with violence
only aggravates the situation.  Likewise, attempts to use another machine
may cause it to malfunction.  They belong to the same union.  Keep cool
and say nice things to the machine.  Nothing else seems to work.

See also: flog(1), tm(1)
Type louder, please.
There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
		-- Robert Millikan, Nobel Prize in Physics, 1923
I just forgot my whole philosophy of life!!!
Alea iacta est.
	[The die is cast]
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
like:
	When being alive at the same time is a wonderful coincidence.
God help those who do not help themselves.
		-- Wilson Mizner
Gil-galad was an Elven-king.
Of him the harpers sadly sing:
the last whose realm was fair and free
between the Mountains and the Sea.

His sword was long, his lance was keen,
his shining helm afar was seen;
the countless stars of heaven's field
were mirrored in his silver shield.

But long ago he rode away,
and where he dwelleth none can say;
for into darkness fell his star
in Mordor where the shadows are.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Wake up and smell the coffee.
		-- Ann Landers
I'm not the person your mother warned you about... her imagination isn't
that good.
		-- Amy Gorin
Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.
Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.
Whoever has lived long enough to find out what life is, knows how deep a debt
of gratitude we owe to Adam, the first great benefactor of our race.  He
brought death into the world.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker know the truth of
the matter about which he is to speak?
		-- Plato
"The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who, in times of moral
crisis, preserved their neutrality."
-- Dante
What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond
your control.  But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or
your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.  If you feel
powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do
with as you will.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "Stormqueen"
Your fault -- core dumped
Painting, n.:
	The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and
	exposing them to the critic.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Courage is grace under pressure.
The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable
that I assume it must be evil.
		-- Heywood Broun
Technicality, n.:
	In an English court a man named Home was tried for slander in having
	accused a neighbor of murder.  His exact words were: "Sir Thomas Holt
	hath taken a cleaver and stricken his cook upon the head, so that one
	side of his head fell on one shoulder and the other side upon the
	other shoulder."  The defendant was acquitted by instruction of the
	court, the learned judges holding that the words did not charge murder,
	for they did not affirm the death of the cook, that being only an
	inference.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
		-- Pink Floyd
Garbage In -- Gospel Out.
Nasrudin returned to his village from the imperial capital, and the villagers
gathered around to hear what had passed.  "At this time," said Nasrudin, "I
only want to say that the King spoke to me."  All the villagers but the
stupidest ran off to spread the wonderful news.  The remaining villager
asked, "What did the King say to you?"  "What he said -- and quite distinctly,
for everyone to hear -- was 'Get out of my way!'" The simpleton was overjoyed;
he had heard words actually spoken by the King, and seen the very man they
were spoken to.
"The Amiga is the only personal computer where you can run a multitasking 
operating system and get realtime performance, out of the box."
-- Peter da Silva
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
A lot of people are afraid of heights.  Not me.  I'm afraid of widths.
		-- Steven Wright
I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person, of
pre-Adamite ancestral descent.  You will understand this when I tell you
that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial atomic
globule.  Consequently, my family pride is something inconceivable.  I
can't help it.  I was born sneering.
		-- Pooh-Bah, "The Mikado"
Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most astonishin'
things to preserve their respectability.  Thank God I'm not respectable.
		-- Ruthven Campbell Todd
To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
		-- St. Augustine
Clones are people two.
I guess it was all a DREAM ... or an episode of HAWAII FIVE-O ...
HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Be sure it's true, when you say "I love you".  It's a sin to
	tell a lie.  Millions of hearts have been broken, just because
	these words were spoken.
Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.
To thine own self be true.  (If not that, at least make some money.)
No rock so hard but that a little wave
May beat admission in a thousand years.
		-- Tennyson
Life in the state of nature is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.
- Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan
McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom:
	If an item is advertised as "under $50", you can bet it's not $19.95.
Nurse Donna:	Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid.
Groucho:	Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together.
Nurse Donna:	Do you believe in computer dating?
Groucho:	Only if the computers really love each other.
It is not good for a man to be without knowledge,
and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
		-- Proverbs 19:2
Never reveal your best argument.
Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
Speak roughly to your little boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
He only does it to annoy
	Because he knows it teases.
	Wow!  wow!  wow!

I speak severely to my boy,
	And beat him when he sneezes:
For he can thoroughly enjoy
	The pepper when he pleases!
	Wow!  wow!  wow!
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Alice in Wonderland"
No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
Humor in the Court:
Q: What is the meaning of sperm being present?
A: It indicates intercourse.
Q: Male sperm?
A. That is the only kind I know.
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
Candy
Is dandy
But liquor
Is quicker.
		-- Ogden Nash, "Reflections on Ice-Breaking"

Fortune updates the great quotes: #53.
	Candy is dandy; but liquor is quicker,
	and sex won't rot your teeth.
This  message was brought to  you by Linux, the free  unix.
Windows without the X is like making love without a partner.
Sex, Drugs & Linux Rules
win-nt from the people who invented edlin
apples  have  meant  trouble  since  eden
Linux, the way to get rid of boot viruses
(By mwikholm@at8.abo.fi, MaDsen Wikholm)
The games have always strengthened us.  Death becomes a familiar
pattern.  We don't fear it as you do.
		-- Proconsul Marcus Claudius, "Bread and Circuses",
		   stardate 4041.2
	While the engineer developed his thesis, the director leaned over to
his assistant and whispered, "Did you ever hear of why the sea is salt?"
	"Why the sea is salt?" whispered back the assistant.  "What do you
mean?"
	The director continued: "When I was a little kid, I heard the story of
`Why the sea is salt' many times, but I never thought it important until just
a moment ago.  It's something like this: Formerly the sea was fresh water and
salt was rare and expensive.  A miller received from a wizard a wonderful
machine that just ground salt out of itself all day long.  At first the miller
thought himself the most fortunate man in the world, but soon all the villages
had salt to last them for centuries and still the machine kept on grinding
more salt.  The miller had to move out of his house, he had to move off his
acres.  At last he determined that he would sink the machine in the sea and
be rid of it.  But the mill ground so fast that boat and miller and machine
were sunk together, and down below, the mill still went on grinding and that's
why the sea is salt."
	"I don't get you," said the assistant.
		-- Guy Endore, "Men of Iron"
The future is a myth created by insurance salesmen and high school counselors.
So... did you ever wonder, do garbagemen take showers before they go to work?
All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each
other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information.
This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with
our lives."
		-- Lewis Thomas, "The Lives of a Cell"
Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
		-- Dorothy Parker
Whatever became of eternal truth?
The world is coming to an end ... SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!!
Hey, diddle, diddle the overflow pdl
To get a little more stack;
If that's not enough then you lose it all
And have to pop all the way back.
I know on which side my bread is buttered.
		-- John Heywood
Everything ends badly.  Otherwise it wouldn't end.
Veni, vidi, vici.
	[I came, I saw, I conquered].
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
Awright, which one of you hid my PENIS ENVY?
If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
		-- Nora Ephron, "Heartburn"
Avoid reality at all costs.
Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan
lp1 on fire
(One of the more obfuscated kernel messages)
"Although Poles suffer official censorship, a pervasive secret
police and laws similar to those in the USSR, there are
thousands of underground publications, a legal independent
Church, private agriculture, and the East bloc's first and only
independent trade union federation, NSZZ Solidarnosc, which is
an affiliate of both the International Confederation of Free
Trade Unions and the World Confederation of Labor.  There is
literally a world of difference between Poland - even in its
present state of collapse - and Soviet society at the peak of
its "glasnost."  This difference has been maintained at great
cost by the Poles since 1944.
-- David Phillips, SUNY at Buffalo, about establishing a
   gateway from EARN (Eurpoean Academic Research Network)
   to Poland
Sometimes a man will tell his bartender things he'll never tell his doctor.
		-- Dr. Phillip Boyce, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage"),
		   stardate unknown.
"I'm in Pittsburgh.  Why am I here?"
		-- Harold Urey, Nobel Laureate
Dear Ms. Postnews:
	I couldn't get mail through to somebody on another site.  What
	should I do?
		-- Eager Beaver

Dear Eager:
	No problem, just post your message to a group that a lot of people
read.  Say, "This is for John Smith.  I couldn't get mail through so I'm
posting it.  All others please ignore."
	This way tens of thousands of people will spend a few seconds scanning
over and ignoring your article, using up over 16 man-hours their collective
time, but you will be saved the terrible trouble of checking through usenet
maps or looking for alternate routes.  Just think, if you couldn't distribute
your message to 9000 other computers, you might actually have to (gasp) call
directory assistance for 60 cents, or even phone the person.  This can cost
as much as a few DOLLARS (!) for a 5 minute call!
	And certainly it's better to spend 10 to 20 dollars of other people's
money distributing the message than for you to have to waste $9 on an overnight
letter, or even 25 cents on a stamp!
	Don't forget.  The world will end if your message doesn't get through,
so post it as many places as you can.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
You have been selected for a secret mission.
Arthur's Laws of Love:
	(1) People to whom you are attracted invariably think you
	    remind them of someone else.
	(2) The love letter you finally got the courage to send will be
	    delayed in the mail long enough for you to make a fool of
	    yourself in person.
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make
something out of you.
		-- Muhammad Ali
Now, let's SEND OUT for QUICHE!!
Recession is when your neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you
lose your job.  These economic downturns are very difficult to predict,
but sophisticated econometric modeling houses like Data Resources and
Chase Econometrics have successfully predicted 14 of the last 3 recessions.
Uncompensated overtime?  Just Say No.
MAFIA, n:
	[Acronym for Mechanized Applications in Forced Insurance
Accounting.] An extensive network with many on-line and offshore
subsystems running under OS, DOS, and IOS.  MAFIA documentation is
rather scanty, and the MAFIA sales office exhibits that testy
reluctance to bona fide inquiries which is the hallmark of so many DP
operations.  From the little that has seeped out, it would appear that
MAFIA operates under a non-standard protocol, OMERTA, a tight-lipped
variant of SNA, in which extended handshakes also perform complex
security functions.  The known timesharing aspects of MAFIA point to a
more than usually autocratic operating system.  Screen prompts carry an
imperative, nonrefusable weighting (most menus offer simple YES/YES
options, defaulting to YES) that precludes indifference or delay.
Uniquely, all editing under MAFIA is performed centrally, using a
powerful rubout feature capable of erasing files, filors, filees, and
entire nodal aggravations.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"
I don't need no arms around me...
I don't need no drugs to calm me...
I have seen the writing on the wall.
Don't think I need anything at all.
No!  Don't think I need anything at all!
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Another Brick in the Wall", Part III
-- I have seen the FUN --
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly
greater than that of any other animals.  Some of their most esteemed
inventions have no other apparent purpose, for example, the dinner party
of more than two, the epic poem, and the science of metaphysics.
		-- H. L. Mencken
Saturday night in Toledo Ohio,
	Is like being nowhere at all,
All through the day how the hours rush by,
	You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
		-- John Denver, "Saturday Night in Toledo Ohio"
Drop that pickle!
That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love,
that no one could have loved so before us, and that no one will love
in the same way as us.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I hope you millionaires are having fun!  I just invested half your life
savings in yeast!!
I'm going to live forever, or die trying!
		-- Spider Robinson
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
		-- Chinese Proverb
Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
		-- Jean Anouilh
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Nobody wants constructive criticism.  It's all we can do to put up with
constructive praise.
Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't going
to get hit.
		-- Joey
Observe yon plumed biped fine.
To activate its captivation,
Deposit on its termination,
A quantity of particles saline.
But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than 
frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?  
		-- M. Proust
I used to think romantic love was a neurosis shared by two, a supreme
foolishness.  I no longer thought that.  There's nothing foolish in
loving anyone.  Thinking you'll be loved in return is what's foolish.
		-- Rita Mae Brown
Il brilgue: les t^oves libricilleux
	Se gyrent et frillant dans le guave,
Enm^im'es sont les gougebosquex,
	Et le m^omerade horgrave.

Es brilig war.  Die schlichte Toven
	Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben;
Und aller-mumsige Burggoven
	Dir mohmen Rath ausgraben.
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Through the Looking Glass"
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
		-- Voltaire
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
Go away, I'm all right.
		-- H.G. Wells' last words.
Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.
Only a fool fights in a burning house.
		-- Kank the Klingon, "Day of the Dove", stardate unknown
I put up my thumb... and it blotted out the planet Earth.
		-- Neil Armstrong
Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp
A sad spectacle.  If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly.
If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
		-- Thomas Carlyle, looking at the stars
"Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain."
-- Karl, as he stepped behind the computer to reboot it, during a FAT
Recipe for a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster:
	(1) Take the juice from one bottle of Ol' Janx Spirit
	(2) Pour into it one measure of water from the seas of
		Santraginus V  (Oh, those Santraginean fish!)
	(3) Allow 3 cubes of Arcturan Mega-gin to melt into the
		mixture (properly iced or the benzine is lost.)
	(4) Allow four liters of Fallian marsh gas to bubble through it.
	(5) Over the back of a silver spoon, float a measure of
		Qualactin Hypermint extract.
	(6) Drop in the tooth of an Algolian Suntiger.  Watch it dissolve.
	(7) Sprinkle Zamphuor.
	(8) Add an olive.
	(9) Drink... but... very carefully...
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Best Mistakes In Films
	In his "Filmgoer's Companion", Mr. Leslie Halliwell helpfully lists
four of the cinema's greatest moments which you should get to see if at all
possible.
	In "Carmen Jones", the camera tracks with Dorothy Dandridge down a
street; and the entire film crew is reflected in the shop window.
	In "The Wrong Box", the roofs of Victorian London are emblazoned
with television aerials.
	In "Decameron Nights", Louis Jourdain stands on the deck of his
fourteenth century pirate ship; and a white lorry trundles down the hill
in the background.
	In "Viking Queen", set in the times of Boadicea, a wrist watch is
clearly visible on one of the leading characters.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
"Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain."
-- Karl, as he stepped behind the computer to reboot it, during a FAT
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
		-- Steven Wright
  I. Any body suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of
     its situation.
	Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.  He
	loiters in midair, soliloquizing flippantly, until he chances to
	look down.  At this point, the familiar principle of 32 feet per
	second per second takes over.
 II. Any body in motion will tend to remain in motion until solid matter
     intervenes suddenly.
	Whether shot from a cannon or in hot pursuit on foot, cartoon
	characters are so absolute in their momentum that only a telephone
	pole or an outsize boulder retards their forward motion absolutely.
	Sir Isaac Newton called this sudden termination of motion the
	stooge's surcease.
III. Any body passing through solid matter will leave a perforation
     conforming to its perimeter.
	Also called the silhouette of passage, this phenomenon is the
	speciality of victims of directed-pressure explosions and of reckless
	cowards who are so eager to escape that they exit directly through
	the wall of a house, leaving a cookie-cutout-perfect hole.  The
	threat of skunks or matrimony often catalyzes this reaction.
		-- Esquire, "O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion", June 1980
The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned
into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
		-- Nelson Algren, "Writers at Work"
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to
wear tail lights.
One of the disadvantages of having children is that they eventually get old
enough to give you presents they make at school.
		-- Robert Byrne
revolutionary, adj.:
	Repackaged.
default, n.:
	[Possibly from Black English "De fault wid dis system is you,
	mon."] The vain attempt to avoid errors by inactivity.  "Nothing will
	come of nothing: speak again." -- King Lear.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"
Not SENSUOUS ... only "FROLICSOME" ... and in need of DENTAL WORK ... in PAIN!!!
vacation, n.:
	A two-week binge of rest and relaxation so intense that
	it takes another 50 weeks of your restrained workaday
	life-style to recuperate.
Natural laws have no pity.
It is fruitless:
	to become lachrymose over precipitately departed lactate fluid.

	to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated canine with
	innovative maneuvers.
Do people know you have freckles everywhere?
Nothing lasts forever.
Where do I find nothing?
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
Consultant, n.:
	Someone who'd rather climb a tree and tell a lie than stand on
	the ground and tell the truth.
I'D LIKE TO BE BURIED INDIAN-STYLE, where they put you up on a high rack,
above the ground.  That way, you could get hit by meteorites and not even
feel it.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
UFOs are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a
new theatrical season.  "Who am I to stone the first cast?"
Sodd's Second Law:
	Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is
	bound to occur.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the
streets and frighten the horses.
		-- Victor Hugo
In 1962, you could buy a pair of SHARKSKIN SLACKS, with a "Continental
Belt," for $10.99!!
PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!

Penalty: An early, lingering death from cancer,
	 emphysema, or other smoking-caused ailment.
VMS must die!
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
		-- Marcus Procius Cato
Women professionals do tend to over-compensate.
		-- Dr. Elizabeth Dehaver, "Where No Man Has Gone Before",
		   stardate 1312.9.
Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be.
But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity.  See?
But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee,
When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
		-- Theodore Sturgeon
For every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong.
-- H. L. Mencken
	Catching his children with their hands in the new, still wet, patio,
the father spanked them.  His wife asked, "Don't you love your children?"
"In the abstract, yes, but not in the concrete."
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
		-- Shakespeare, "King Lear"
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him
keep her.
		-- Sacha Guitry
I have a simple philosophy:

	Fill what's empty.
	Empty what's full.
	Scratch where it itches.
		-- A. R. Longworth
Column 1		Column 2		Column 3

0. integrated		0. management		0. options
1. total		1. organizational	1. flexibility
2. systematized		2. monitored		2. capability
3. parallel		3. reciprocal		3. mobility
4. functional		4. digital		4. programming
5. responsive		5. logistical		5. concept
6. optional		6. transitional		6. time-phase
7. synchronized		7. incremental		7. projection
8. compatible		8. third-generation	8. hardware
9. balanced		9. policy		9. contingency

	The procedure is simple.  Think of any three-digit number, then select
the corresponding buzzword from each column.  For instance, number 257 produces
"systematized logistical projection," a phrase that can be dropped into
virtually any report with that ring of decisive, knowledgeable authority.  "No
one will have the remotest idea of what you're talking about," says Broughton,
"but the important thing is that they're not about to admit it."
		-- Philip Broughton, "How to Win at Wordsmanship"
QOTD:
	"The baby was so ugly they had to hang a pork chop around its
	neck to get the dog to play with it."
Lead me not into temptation... I can find it myself.
I come from a small town whose population never changed.  Each time a woman
got pregnant, someone left town.
		-- Michael Prichard
But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
		-- Bruce Leverett, "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"
A person with one watch knows what time it is; a person with two watches is
never sure.   Proverb
There's only one everything.
QOTD:
	Some people have one of those days.  I've had one of those lives.
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
		-- Dean Acheson
Come, every frustum longs to be a cone,
And every vector dreams of matrices.
Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze:
It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
Duty, n:
	What one expects from others.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Never tell.  Not if you love your wife ... In fact, if your old lady walks
in on you, deny it.  Yeah.  Just flat out and she'll believe it: "I'm
tellin' ya.  This chick came downstairs with a sign around her neck `Lay
On Top Of Me Or I'll Die'.  I didn't know what I was gonna do..."
		-- Lenny Bruce
Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.
	"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
	"NO! ... I mean Yes!  WHAT?"
	"I'll put `maybe.'"
		-- Bloom County
Kitchen activity is highlighted.  Butter up a friend.
Moon, n.:
	1. A celestial object whose phase is very important to hackers.  See 
	PHASE OF THE MOON.  2. Dave Moon (MOON@MC).
I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
		-- Augustus Caesar
Friends, n.:
	People who borrow your books and set wet glasses on them.

	People who know you well, but like you anyway.
Toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch.
"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not
Compute' -- I forget which."
		-- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
		-- Camus
"I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood."
		-- Daffy Duck, "Robin Hood Daffy", [1958, Chuck Jones]
QOTD:
	"I've got one last thing to say before I go; give me back
	all of my stuff."
	"So you don't have to, Cindy, but I was wondering if you might
want to go to someplace, you know, with me, sometime."
	"Well, I can think of a lot of worse things, David."
	"Friday, then?"
	"Why not, David, it might even be fun."
		-- Dating in Minnesota
Charlie was a chemist,
But Charlie is no more.
For what he thought was H2O,
Was H2SO4.
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't going
to get hit.
		-- Joey
When my fist clenches crack it open,
Before I use it and lose my cool.
When I smile tell me some bad news,
Before I laugh and act like a fool.

And if I swallow anything evil,
Put you finger down my throat.
And if I shiver please give me a blanket,
Keep me warm let me wear your coat

No one knows what it's like to be the bad man,
	to be the sad man.
Behind blue eyes.
No one knows what its like to be hated,
	to be fated,
To telling only lies.
			-- The Who
The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.
		-- Mark Twain
Foolproof Operation:
	No provision for adjustment.
The chief enemy of creativity is "good" sense
		-- Picasso
Kites rise highest against the wind -- not with it.
		-- Winston Churchill
P-K4
Psychologists think they're experimental psychologists.
Experimental psychologists think they're biologists.
Biologists think they're biochemists.
Biochemists think they're chemists.
Chemists think they're physical chemists.
Physical chemists think they're physicists.
Physicists think they're theoretical physicists.
Theoretical physicists think they're mathematicians.
Mathematicians think they're metamathematicians.
Metamathematicians think they're philosophers.
Philosophers think they're gods.
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
Anxious after the delay, Gruber doesn't waste any time getting the Koenig
[a modified Porsche] up to speed, and almost immediately we are blowing off
Alfas, Fiats, and Lancias full of excited Italians.  These people love fast
cars.  But they love sport too and no passing encounter goes unchallenged.
Nothing serious, just two wheels into your lane as you're bearing down on
them at 130-plus -- to see if you're paying attention.
		-- Road & Track article about driving two absurdly fast
		   cars across Europe.
You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are.
If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.
		-- Lewis Carroll
Sic transit gloria mundi.
	[So passes away the glory of this world.]
		-- Thomas `a Kempis
I'm going to give my psychoanalyst one more year, then I'm going to Lourdes.
		-- Woody Allen
A friend is a present you give yourself.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson
At the foot of the mountain, thunder:
The image of Providing Nourishment.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words
And temperate in eating and drinking.
"Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons 
for it afterwards."
-- Soren F. Petersen
Consultation, n.:
	Medical term meaning "to share the wealth."
With the news that Nancy Reagan has referred to an astrologer when planning
her husband's schedule, and reports of Californians evacuating Los Angeles
on the strength of a prediction from a sixteenth-century physician and
astrologer Michel de Notredame, the image of the U.S. as a scientific and
technological nation has taking a bit of a battering lately.  Sadly, such
happenings cannot be dismissed as passing fancies.  They are manifestations
of a well-established "anti-science" tendency in the U.S. which, ultimately,
could threaten the country's position as a technological power. . . .  The
manifest widespread desire to reject rationality and substitute a series
of quasirandom beliefs in order to understand the universe does not augur
well for a nation deeply concerned about its ability to compete with its
industrial equals.  To the degree that it reflects the thinking of a 
significant section of the public, this point of view encourages ignorance
of and, indeed, contempt for science and for rational methods of approaching
truth. . . . It is becoming clear that if the U.S. does not pick itself up
soon and devote some effort to educating the young effectively, its hope of
maintaining a semblance of leadership in the world may rest, paradoxically,
with a new wave of technically interested and trained immigrants who do not
suffer from the anti-science disease rampant in an apparently decaying society.
-- Physicist Tony Feinberg, in "New Scientist," May 19, 1988
Lisp Users:
Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Harold had never wanted a woman so much in his life, upon overhearing the
22-year-old beauty remark that he was too old and out of shape for her.  The
determined septuagenarian immediately embarked upon a rigorous self-improvement
program.  He had his face lifted, bought a toupee, ran five miles every day,
lifted weights and adopted a strict vegetarian diet.  Within months, the
rejuvenated man won the young woman's heart, and she agreed to marry him.
	On the way out of the chapel, however, Harold was fatally struck
by lightning.  Furious, he confronted Saint Peter at the pearly gates.  "How
could you do this to me after all the pain I went through?"
	"To be honest, Harold," Saint Peter sheepishly replied, "I didn't
recognize you."
	One evening he spoke.  Sitting at her feet, his face raised to her,
he allowed his soul to be heard.  "My darling, anything you wish, anything
I am, anything I can ever be...  That's what I want to offer you -- not the
things I'll get for you, but the thing in me that will make me able to get
them.  That thing -- a man can't renounce it -- but I want to renounce it -- so
that it will be yours -- so that it will be in your service -- only for you."
	The girl smiled and asked: "Do you think I'm prettier than Maggie
Kelly?"
	He got up.  He said nothing and walked out of the house.  He never
saw that girl again.  Gail Wynand, who prided himself on never needing a
lesson twice, did not fall in love again in the years that followed.
		-- Ayn Rand, "The Fountainhead"
Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.
"Remember Kruschev:  he tried to do too many things too fast, and he was 
removed in disgrace.  If Gorbachev tries to destroy the system or make too
many fundamental changes to it, I believe the system will get rid of him.
I am not a political scientist, but I understand the system very well.
I believe he will have a "heart attack" or retire or be removed.  He is
up against a brick wall.  If you think they will change everything and
become a free, open society, forget it!"
-- Victor Belenko, MiG-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976
   "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 110
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
I hate babies.  They're so human.
		-- H.H. Munro
You will gain money by an illegal action.
Sex is like air.  It's only a big deal if you can't get any.
The wonderful thing about a dancing bear is not how well he dances,
but that he dances at all.
We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful --
but those are only handicaps.  Our pride is that nevertheless, now and
then, we do our best.  A few times we succeed.  What more dare we ask for?
		-- Ensign Flandry
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
Some men are all right in their place -- if they only the knew the right places!
		-- Mae West
But Captain -- the engines can't take this much longer!
Here we are in America ... when do we collect unemployment?
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is
becoming an endangered synthetic.
		-- Lily Tomlin
You are an excellent tactician, Captain.  You let your second in
command attack while you sit and watch for weakness.
		-- Khan Noonian Singh, "Space Seed", stardate 3141.9
The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad
trying to stop yourself going mad.  You might just as well give in and
save your sanity for later.
Hmmm ... an arrogant bouquet with a subtle suggestion of POLYVINYL
CHLORIDE ...
You cannot have a science without measurement.
		-- R. W. Hamming
The person who can smile when something goes wrong has thought of
someone to blame it on.
Coding is easy;  All you do is sit staring at a terminal until the drops
of blood form on your forehead.
What awful irony is this?
We are as gods, but know it not.
He who laughs last -- missed the punch line.
... there are about 5,000 people who are part of that commitee.  These guys
have a hard time sorting out what day to meet, and whether to eat croissants
or doughnuts for breakfast -- let alone how to define how all these complex
layers that are going to be agreed upon.
		-- Craig Burton of Novell, Network World
Blast medicine anyway!  We've learned to tie into every organ in the
human body but one.  The brain!  The brain is what life is all about.
		-- McCoy, "The Menagerie", stardate 3012.4
I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
They're still living in the fifties.
		-- Strange de Jim
After years of research, scientists recently reported that there is,
indeed, arroz in Spanish Harlem.
You should all JUMP UP AND DOWN for TWO HOURS while I decide on a NEW CAREER!!
The star of riches is shining upon you.
First law of debate:
	Never argue with a fool.  People might not know the difference.
	This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go,
explaining that Interactive Easyflow is a copyrighted package licensed for
use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it
and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
	We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around
pirating copies of Interactive Easyflow; this is just as well with us since
we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of
making anything out of all the hard work.
	If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go
around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much
attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.  Just keep your doors
locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
		-- License Agreement for Interactive Easyflow
Dear Lord:
	I just want *___one* one-armed manager so I never have to hear "On
the other hand", again.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
"I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!"
		-- Royal Floyd Mengot (Klaus)
We was playin' the Homestead Grays in the city of Pitchburgh.  Josh [Gibson]
comes up in the last of the ninth with a man on and us a run behind.  Well,
he hit one.  The Grays waited around and waited around, but finally the
empire rules it ain't comin' down.  So we win.  The next day, we was disputin'
the Grays in Philadelphia when here come a ball outta the sky right in the
glove of the Grays' center fielder.  The empire made the only possible call.
"You're out, boy!" he says to Josh.  "Yesterday, in Pitchburgh."
		-- Satchel Paige
What we wish, that we readily believe.
		-- Demosthenes
"And it's my opinion, and that's only my opinion, you are a lunatic.  Just
because there are a few hunderd other people sharing your lunacy with you
does not make you any saner.  Doomed, eh?"
-- Oleg Kiselev,oleg@CS.UCLA.EDU
To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
from where you left them to where you can't find them.
Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
		-- Lazarus Long
"You know, we've won awards for this crap."
-- David Letterman
Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred,
Tan me hide when I'm dead.
So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde,
It's hanging there on the shed.

All together now...
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.
	Tie me kangaroo down, sport,
	Tie me kangaroo down.
Fourth Law of Thermodynamics:
	If the probability of success is not almost one, it is damn near zero.
		-- David Ellis
Duct tape is like the force.  It has a light side, and a dark side, and
it holds the universe together ...
		-- Carl Zwanzig
One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as one
man would have produced alone.  These two plus two more will produce half
again as many ideas.  These four plus four more begin to represent a
creative meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as many ...
		-- Anthony Chevins
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every
word you say, talk in your sleep.
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize
the competent.
"Anyone can say 'no'. It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion."
                -- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)
When neither their poverty nor their honor is touched, the majority of men
live content.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli
To whom the mornings are like nights,
What must the midnights be!
		-- Emily Dickinson (on hacking?)
Now I was heading, in my hot cage, down towards meat-market country on the
tip of the West Village.  Here the redbrick warehouses double as carcass
galleries and rat hives, the Manhattan fauna seeking its necessary
level, living or dead.  Here too you find the heavy faggot hangouts,
The Spike, the Water Closet, the Mother Load.  Nobody knows what goes on
in these places.  Only the heavy faggots know.  Even Fielding seems somewhat 
vague on the question.  You get zapped and flogged and dumped on -- by
almost anybody's standards, you have a really terrible time.  The average
patron arrives at the Spike in one taxi but needs to go back to his sock
in two.  And then the next night he shows up for more.  They shackle 
themselves to racks, they bask in urinals.  Their folks have a lot of
explaining to do, if you want my opinion, particularly the mums.  Sorry
to single you ladies out like this but the story must start somewhere.  
A craving for hourly murder -- it can't be willed.  In the meantime,
Fielding tells me, Mother Nature looks on and taps her foot and clicks
her tongue.  Always a champion of monogamy, she is cooking up some fancy
new diseases.  She just isn't going to stand for it.
-- Martin Amis, _Money_
If we see the light at the end of the tunnel, it's the light of an
oncoming train.
		-- Robert Lowell
"Trust me":
	Translation of the Latin "caveat emptor."
Tempt not a desperate man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"
Watching girls go passing by
It ain't the latest thing
I'm just standing in a doorway
I'm just trying to make some sense
Out of these girls passing by		A smile relieves the heart that grieves
The tales they tell of men		Remember what I said
I'm not waiting on a lady		I'm not waiting on a lady
I'm just waiting on a friend		I'm just waiting on a friend
...
Don't need a whore
Don't need no booze
Don't need a virgin priest		Ooh, making love and breaking hearts
But I need someone I can cry to		It is a game for youth
I need someone to protect		But I'm not waiting on a lady
					I'm just waiting on a friend
					I'm just waiting on a friend
		-- Rolling Stones, "Waiting on a Friend"
Yow!  I threw up on my window!
Sattinger's Law:
	It works better if you plug it in.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest
man a century.
No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
		-- C. Schulz
On a morning from a Bogart movie, in a country where they turned back time,
You go strolling through the crowd like Peter Lorre contemplating a crime.
She comes out of the sun in a silk dress running like a watercolor in the rain.
Don't bother asking for explanations, she'll just tell you that she came
In the Year of the Cat.

She doesn't give you time for questions, as she locks up your arm in hers,
And you follow 'till your sense of which direction completely disappears.
By the blue-tiled walls near the market stall there's a hidden door she
    leads you to.
These days, she say, I feel my life just like a river running through
The Year of the Cat.

Well, she looks at you so coolly,
And her eyes shine like the moon in the sea.
She comes in incense and patchouli,
So you take her to find what's waiting inside
The Year of the Cat.

Well, morning comes and you're still with her, but the bus and the tourists
    are gone,
And you've thrown away your choice and lost your ticket, so you have to stay on.
But the drum-beat strains of the night remain in the rhythm of the new-born day.
You know some time you're bound to leave her, but for now you're going to stay
In the Year of the Cat.
		-- Al Stewart, "Year of the Cat"
In arguing that current theories of brain function cast suspicion on ESP,
psychokinesis, reincarnation, and so on, I am frequently challenged with
the most popular of all neuro-mythologies -- the notion that we ordinarily
use only 10 percent of our brains...

This "cerebral spare tire" concept continues to nourish the clientele of
"pop psychologists" and their many recycling self-improvement schemes.  As
a metaphor for the fact that few of us fully exploit our talents, who could
deny it?  As a refuge for occultists seeking a neural basis of the miraculous,
it leaves much to be desired.
-- Barry L. Beyerstein, "The Brain and Conciousness:  Implications for
   Psi Phenomena", The Skeptical Enquirer, Vol. XII, No. 2, pg. 171
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are
totally worthless.
Art is the tree of life.  Science is the tree of death.
And the crowd was stilled.  One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence,
turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said.  Wide-eyed,
the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no
clothes!  He is naked!"
		-- "The Emperor's New Clothes"
Keep women you cannot.  Marry them and they come to hate the way you walk
across the room; remain their lover, and they jilt you at the end of six
months.
		-- Moore
Somewhere in DOWNTOWN BURBANK a prostitute is OVERCOOKING a LAMB CHOP!!
Why is it called a funny bone when it hurts so much?
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.
Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right
to use the editorial "we".
		-- Mark Twain
...computer hardware progress is so fast.  No other technology since
civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price
gain in 30 years.
- Fred Brooks, Jr.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
- Kahlil Gibran
"A car is just a big purse on wheels."
-- Johanna Reynolds
Human resources are human first, and resources second.
		-- J. Garbers
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.  I
will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.  The Spirits of all
Three shall strive within me.  I will not shut out the lessons that they
teach.  Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the writing on this stone!
		-- Charles Dickens
His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn
Say something you'll be sorry for, I love receiving apologies.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
"Okay," Bobby said, getting the hang of it, "then what's the matrix?  If
she's a deck, and Danbala's a program, what's cyberspace?"
  "The world," Lucas said.
-- William Gibson, _Count Zero_
I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.  I
asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career of a
robber.
		-- Tiburcio Vasquez
Reality does not exist -- yet.
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.
Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.
Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall,
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall!
All the king's horses,
And all the king's men,
Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.  Now, if
	you're looking for a lawyer to screw a light bulb...
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and
enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to
lend money.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
		-- Marlo Thomas
"His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California."
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists
 in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all progress depends on 
 the unreasonable man."
-- George Bernard Shaw
"OK, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard."
		-- Dr. Joy
I'm shaving!!  I'M SHAVING!!
"And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what 
the dictionary says it means, you go to jail. No exceptions."
-- David Jones @ Megatest Corporation
Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.
In the next world, you're on your own.
I just got my PRINCE bumper sticker ... But now I can't remember WHO he is ...
Psychology.  Mind over matter.  Mind under matter?  It doesn't matter.
Never mind.
October.

This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks in.

The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June,
December, August, and February.

		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
But you who live on dreams, you are better pleased with the sophistical
reasoning and frauds of talkers about great and uncertain matters than
those who speak of certain and natural matters, not of such lofty nature.
		-- Leonardo Da Vinci, "The Codex on the Flight of Birds"
There is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon,
however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable.
Soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be 
discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator
on his own account.  The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is
even highly probable.
		-- H.L. Mencken, 1930
"Be there.  Aloha."
-- Steve McGarret, _Hawaii Five-Oh_
Getting into trouble is easy.
		-- D. Winkel and F. Prosser
"There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy 
to make low income parents' lives a misery."
"... I want you to picture the trusting face of a child,
streaked with tears because of what you just said."
"I want you to picture the face of its mother, because one
week's dole won't pay for one Master of the Universe
Battlecruiser!"
- Filthy Rich and Catflap, 1986.
The future lies ahead.
I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards. I got a full house and
4 people died.
-- Steven Wright
A committee takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts and dies, scattering the
seed from which other committees will bloom.
		-- Parkinson
If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get
the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.  See in
college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural
method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall
learn what you have no taste or capacity for.  The college, which should
be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the
young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
I would have the studies elective.  Scholarship is to be created not
by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.  The wise
instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the
attractions the study has for himself.  The marking is a system for schools,
not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to
put on a professor.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
A man's house is his castle.
		-- Sir Edward Coke
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
		-- Gail Godwin
I BET WHAT HAPPENED was they discovered fire and invented the wheel on
the same day.  Then that night, they burned the wheel.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
IBM:
	It may be slow, but it's hard to use.
I smell like a wet reducing clinic on Columbus Day!
Here I am in the POSTERIOR OLFACTORY LOBULE but I don't see CARL SAGAN
anywhere!!
Everyone talks about apathy, but no one ____does anything about it.
The grave's a fine and private place,
but none, I think, do there embrace.
		-- Andrew Marvell
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#14

Low Blows:
	Let's say a man and woman are watching a boxing match on TV.  One
of the boxers is felled by a low blow.  The woman says "Oh, gee.  That must
hurt." The man doubles over and actually FEELS the pain.

Dressing Up:
	A woman will dress up to go shopping, water the plants, empty the
garbage, answer the phone, read a book, get the mail.   A man will dress up
for: weddings, funerals.  Speaking of weddings, when reminiscing about
weddings, women talk about "the ceremony".  Men laugh about "the bachelor
party".

David Letterman:
	Men think David Letterman is the funniest man on the face of the
Earth.  Women think he is a mean, semi-dorky guy who always has a bad haircut.
Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.
This is for all ill-treated fellows
	Unborn and unbegot,
For them to read when they're in trouble
	And I am not.
		-- A. E. Housman
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
The world is coming to an end--save your buffers!
In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last
resort of the scoundrel.  With all due respect to an enlightened but
inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection
unprotected.
		-- Robert Orben
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
I will always love the false image I had of you.
Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.
		-- H.R. Haldeman
Don't smoke the next cigarette.  Repeat.
	"Logic and practical information do not seem to apply here."
	"You admit that?"
	"To deny the facts would be illogical, Doctor"
		-- Spock and McCoy, "A Piece of the Action", stardate unknown
Do clones have navels?
I have a dog; I named him Stay.  So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, "Here,
Stay, here..." but he got wise to that.  Now when I call him he ignores me
and just keeps on typing.
		-- Steven Wright
Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for
those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking up.
		-- Chicago Reader 4/22/83
Think honk if you're a telepath.
Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.  Others are so fast,
they don't notice you.
Perhaps the most widespread illusion is that if we were in power we would
behave very differently from those who now hold it -- when, in truth, in
order to get power we would have to become very much like them.  (Lenin's
fatal mistake, both in theory and in practice.)
Thus spake the master programmer:
	"When a program is being tested, it is too late to make design changes."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
flowchart, n. & v.:
	[From flow "to ripple down in rich profusion, as hair" + chart
"a cryptic hidden-treasure map designed to mislead the uninitiated."]
1. n. The solution, if any, to a class of Mascheroni construction
problems in which given algorithms require geometrical representation
using only the 35 basic ideograms of the ANSI template.  2. n. Neronic
doodling while the system burns.  3. n. A low-cost substitute for
wallpaper.  4. n.  The innumerate misleading the illiterate.  "A
thousand pictures is worth ten lines of code." -- The Programmer's
Little Red Vade Mecum, Mao Tse T'umps.  5. v.intrans. To produce
flowcharts with no particular object in mind.  6. v.trans. To obfuscate
(a problem) with esoteric cartoons.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"
Moe:	Wanna play poker tonight?
Joe:	I can't. It's the kids' night out.
Moe:	So?
Joe:	I gotta stay home with the nurse.
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
That does not compute.
	The master programmer moves from program to program without fear.  No
change in management can harm him.  He will not be fired, even if the project
is canceled. Why is this?  He is filled with the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Croll's Query:
	If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?
Scientists will study your brain to learn more about your distant cousin, Man.
Anarchy may not be a better form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.
I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to
run their own business.  I know men that would make my wife a better
husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
Bad men live that they may eat and drink, whereas good men eat and drink
that they may live.
		-- Socrates
He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd
be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.
Think of your family tonight.  Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.
"Dump the condiments.  If we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good."
-- "Visionaries" cartoon
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
What fools these mortals be.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
In arguing that current theories of brain function cast suspicion on ESP,
psychokinesis, reincarnation, and so on, I am frequently challenged with
the most popular of all neuro-mythologies -- the notion that we ordinarily
use only 10 percent of our brains...

This "cerebral spare tire" concept continues to nourish the clientele of
"pop psychologists" and their many recycling self-improvement schemes.  As
a metaphor for the fact that few of us fully exploit our talents, who could
deny it?  As a refuge for occultists seeking a neural basis of the miraculous,
it leaves much to be desired.
-- Barry L. Beyerstein, "The Brain and Conciousness:  Implications for
   Psi Phenomena", The Skeptical Enquirer, Vol. XII, No. 2, pg. 171
"We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company."
"Once they go up, who cares where they come down?  That's not my department."
-- Werner von Braun
There are no great men, buster.  There are only men.
		-- Elaine Stewart, "The Bad and the Beautiful"
If the designers of X-window built cars, there would be no fewer than five
steering wheels hidden about the cockpit, none of which followed the same
prinicples -- but you'd be able to shift gears with your car stereo.  Useful
feature, that.
		-- From the programming notebooks of a heretic, 1990.
What does education often do?  It makes a straight cut ditch of a
free meandering brook.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it
reluctantly.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
(1) X=Y				; Given
(2) X^2=XY			; Multiply both sides by X
(3) X^2-Y^2=XY-Y^2		; Subtract Y^2 from both sides
(4) (X+Y)(X-Y)=Y(X-Y)		; Factor
(5) X+Y=Y			; Cancel out (X-Y) term
(6) 2Y=Y			; Substitute X for Y, by equation 1
(7) 2=1				; Divide both sides by Y
		-- "Omni", proof that 2 equals 1
Bigamy is having one spouse too many.  Monogamy is the same.
The 357.73 Theory:
	Auditors always reject expense accounts
	with a bottom line divisible by 5.
She ran the gamut of emotions from 'A' to 'B'.
		-- Dorothy Parker, on a Kate Hepburn performance
There is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon,
however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable.
Soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be 
discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator
on his own account.  The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is
even highly probable.
- H. L. Mencken, 1930
He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly
delightful.
		-- Sydney Smith
At last I've found the girl of my dreams.  Last night she said to me,
"Once more, Strange, and this time *I'll* be Donnie and *you* be Marie.
		-- Strange de Jim
The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted
sullenly and, buffing her already impeccable nails -- not for the first
time since the journey begain -- pondered snidely if this would dissolve
into a vignette of minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent
with Basil.
		-- Winning sentence, 1983 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Reality must take precedence over public relations, for Mother Nature
cannot be fooled.
		-- R.P. Feynman
Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised
when others believe him.
		-- Charles DeGaulle
Q:	How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but it takes a long time, and the light bulb has
	to really want to change.
George Orwell was an optimist.
"If you'll excuse me a minute, I'm going to have a cup of coffee."
- broadcast from Apollo 11's LEM, "Eagle", to Johnson Space Center, Houston
  July 20, 1969, 7:27 P.M.
What does education often do?  It makes a straight cut ditch of a
free meandering brook.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats; If it be man's work I will do it.
This sentence no verb.
If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would
presumably flunk it.
		-- Stanley Garn
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of
the beholder.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter
He:	Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science.
She:	What?!?  Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
		-- Walt Kelly
What did you bring that book I didn't want to be read to out of about
Down Under up for?
If you lose a son you can always get another, but there's only one
Maltese Falcon.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not
certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
		-- Albert Einstein
YOU!!  Give me the CUTEST, PINKEST, most charming little VICTORIAN
DOLLHOUSE you can find!!  An make it SNAPPY!!
Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands, meet exciting interesting people,
and kill them.
Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
Turn the other cheek.
		-- Jesus Christ
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
		-- Maslow
Not every question deserves an answer.
You mean now I can SHOOT YOU in the back and further BLUR th'
distinction between FANTASY and REALITY?
	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.
Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a
lamp-post how it feels about dogs.
		-- Christopher Hampton
A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of
being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of
incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague 
assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents 
and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of 
dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of
annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was
unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
		-- IEEE Grid newsmagazine
Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.
You will be dead within a year.
Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot
that shot down the Korean jet?  At one point he definitely states:

	"Natasha!  First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and squirrel."

		-- ihuxw!tommyo
Peter's Law of Substitution:
	Look after the molehills, and the
	mountains will look after themselves.

Peter's Principle of Success:
	Get up one time more than you're knocked down.

Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction
listen to weather forecasts and economists?
		-- Kelvin Throop III
We were happily married for eight months.  Unfortunately, we were married
for four and a half years.
		-- Nick Faldo
The way to a man's stomach is through his esophagus.
Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.
Life is like a sewer.  What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
		-- Tom Lehrer
... I don't know why but, suddenly, I want to discuss declining I.Q.
LEVELS with a blue ribbon SENATE SUB-COMMITTEE!
"Let every man teach his son, teach his daughter, that labor is honorable."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
Pyros of the world... IGNITE !!!
What do you give a man who has everything?  Penicillin.
		-- Jerry Lester
Abstainer:  A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a
pleasure.  A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but
abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
-- Ambrose Bierce
The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent.
		-- Sagan
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.

You can tune a filesystem, but you can't tuna fish.
		-- from the tunefs(8) man page
Heisenberg may have slept here...
	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #15 -- DOGO

	Developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Obedience Training, DOGO
DOGO heralds a new era of computer-literate pets.  DOGO commands include
SIT, STAY, HEEL, and ROLL OVER.  An innovative feature of DOGO is "puppy
graphics", a small cocker spaniel that occasionally leaves a deposit as
it travels across the screen.
I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.
Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Potluck Pogo"
Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.
"If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and 
fire them all off, wouldn't you?"
-- Garrison Keillor
HOLY MACRO!
"I will make no bargains with terrorist hardware."
-- Peter da Silva
If you are smart enough to know that you're not smart enough to be an
Engineer, then you're in Business.
"Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is 
good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
 -- John Kenneth Galbraith
Killing turkeys causes winter.
I suggest a new strategy, Artoo: let the Wookie win.
		-- C3P0
I guess I've been so wrapped up in playing the game that I never took
time enough to figure out where the goal line was -- what it meant to
win -- or even how you won.
		-- Cash McCall
Hartley's First Law:
	You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float
	on his back, you've got something.
"Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free
with my breakfast cereal."
- Zaphod Beeblebrox in "Hithiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Blessed are the forgetful:  for they get the better even of their blunders.
		-- Nietzsche
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III
Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine
Sum quod eris.
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
Function reject.
Information is the inverse of entropy.
"Why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity?"
 -Ronald Reagan
QOTD:
	I opened Pandora's box, let the cat out of the bag and put the
	ball in their court.
		-- Hon. J. Hacker (The Ministry of Administrative Affairs)
Everyone has a purpose in life.  Perhaps yours is watching television.
- David Letterman
Power corrupts.  And atomic power corrupts atomically.
Adler's Distinction:
	Language is all that separates us from the lower animals,
	and from the bureaucrats.
Bubble Memory, n.:
	A derogatory term, usually referring to a person's intelligence.
	See also "vacuum tube".
If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
		-- Chinese Proverb
FORTRAN, "the infantile disorder", by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly
inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is
too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a
novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
		-- Fred Allen
You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend,
You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.

(chorus)	Grovel, grovel, grovel, every night and every day,
		Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.

You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park,
You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
(chorus)

You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt,
You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
(chorus)
Now is the time for all good men to come to.
		-- Walt Kelly
I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
History tends to exaggerate.
		-- Col. Green, "The Savage Curtain", stardate 5906.4
... most of us learned about love the hard way.  Even warnings are probably
useless, for somehow, despite the severest warnings of parents and friends,
hundreds, thousands of women have forgotten themselves at the last minute
and succumbed to the lies, promises, flatteries, or mere attentions of
lusting, lovely men, landing themselves in complicated predicaments from
which some of them never recovered during their entire lives.  And I am not
speaking only of your teenaged Midwesterners in 1958; I'm speaking of women
of every age in every city in every year.  The notorious sexual revolution
has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
		-- Alix Kates Shulman
Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.
Documentation:
	Instructions translated from Swedish by Japanese for English
	speaking persons.
One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing
how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
		-- Professor Charles P. Issawi
Don't relax!  It's only your tension that's holding you together.
What foods these morsels be!
Your good nature will bring unbounded happiness.
Some men rob you with a six-gun -- others with a fountain pen.
		-- Woodie Guthrie
All extremists should be taken out and shot.
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
		-- Bertolt Brecht
And thou shalt eat it as barley cakes, and thou shalt bake it with dung that
cometh out of man, in their sight...Then he [the Lord!] said unto me, Lo, I
have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread
therewith.
[Ezek. 4:12-15 (KJV)]
I had pancake makeup for brunch!
	Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices.  No one else in
town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation,
indivisible,
with liberty
and justice for all.
- Francis Bellamy, 1892
"If you took everyone who's ever been to a Dead
 show, and lined them up, they'd stretch halfway to
 the moon and back... and none of them would be
 complaining."
-- a local Deadhead in the Seattle Times
Endless the world's turn, endless the sun's spinning
Endless the quest;
I turn again, back to my own beginning,
And here, find rest.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
T:	One big monster, he called TROLL.
	He don't rock, and he don't roll;
	Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies.
	He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC
Whistler's mother is off her rocker.
In dwelling, be close to the land.
In meditation, delve deep into the heart.
In dealing with others, be gentle and kind.
In speech, be true.
In work, be competent.
In action, be careful of your timing.
		-- Lao Tsu
Prepare for tomorrow -- get ready.
		-- Edith Keeler, "The City On the Edge of Forever",
		   stardate unknown
Lighten up, while you still can,
Don't even try to understand,
Just find a place to make your stand,
And take it easy.
		-- The Eagles, "Take It Easy"
Women, deceived by men, want to marry them; it is a kind of revenge
as good as any other.
		-- Philippe De Remi
I do not care if half the league strikes.  Those who do will encounter
quick retribution.  All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks
the National League for five years.  This is the United States of America
and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
		-- Ford Frick, National League President, reacting to a
		   threatened strike by some Cardinal players in 1947 if
		   Jackie Robinson took the field against St. Louis.  The
		   Cardinals backed down and played.
flannister, n.:
	The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Nothing happens.
Did you know that if you took all the economists in the world and lined
them up end to end, they'd still point in the wrong direction?
The public demands certainties;  it must be told definitely and a bit
raucously that this is true and that is false.  But there are no certainties.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "Prejudice"
A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
		-- Philip Larkin on Anthony Burgess
I request a weekend in Havana with Phil Silvers!
Excess on occasion is exhilarating.  It prevents moderation from
acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
		-- W. Somerset Maugham
I've read SEVEN MILLION books!!
Hand me a pair of leather pants and a CASIO keyboard -- I'm living for today!
Burke's Postulates:
	Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about.
	Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be
boss and work twelve.
		-- Robert Frost
I wonder if I ought to tell them about my PREVIOUS LIFE as a COMPLETE
STRANGER?
An ancient proverb summed it up: when a wizard is tired of looking for
broken glass in his dinner, it ran, he is tired of life.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
		-- Sean O'Casey
Someone is speaking well of you.

How unusual!
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished:
if you're alive, it isn't.
No one wants war.
		-- Kirk, "Errand of Mercy", stardate 3201.7
Would that my hand were as swift as my tongue.
		-- Alfieri
Neil Armstrong tripped.
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of
work to do.
		-- Jerome Klapka Jerome
Happiness is a positive cash flow.
There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.
Kington's Law of Perforation:
	If a straight line of holes is made in a piece of paper, such
	as a sheet of stamps or a check, that line becomes the strongest
	part of the paper.
Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who
can't talk for people who can't read.
		-- Frank Zappa
The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from
sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
		--Salvador De Madariaga
Trying to establish voice contact ... please ____yell into keyboard.
I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a
letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished
words and an implicit sense of her departure.  It's so curious: one can
resist tears and "behave" very well in the hardest hours of grief.  But
then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window... or one notices
that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed... or
a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses.
		-- Letters From Colette
You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery,
are now extinct.
		-- M. Somerset Maugham
Anoint, v.:
	To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently
	slippery.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their
correctness never does.
After any salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the
month than you did before.
Without followers, evil cannot spread.
		-- Spock, "And The Children Shall Lead", stardate 5029.5
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
Reputation, adj.:
	What others are not thinking about you.
	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.
I'm dressing up in an ill-fitting IVY-LEAGUE SUIT!!  Too late...
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
		-- Fred Allen

[Also attributed to S. Clay Wilson.  Ed.]
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
		-- Albert Einstein
"One lawyer can steal more than a hundred men with guns."
-- The Godfather
If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
		-- Bette Davis
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
When the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.
If atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which God is
identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a
collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then
I have no doubt, and I think few people doubt, that atheists are as
plentiful as blackberries...
- Leslie Stephen (1832-1904), literary essayist, author
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
		-- Leonard Levinson
Random, n.:
	As in number, predictable.  As in memory access, unpredictable.
Insanity is considered a ground for divorce, though by the very same
token it is the shortest detour to marriage.
		-- Wilson Mizner
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:   Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that swallowed the canary.
Norm:  And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2
BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of `Scientific Creationism'.
Lonesome?

Like a change?
Like a new job?
Like excitement?
Like to meet new and interesting people?

JUST SCREW-UP ONE MORE TIME!!!!!!!
I am a computer. I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.
Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim
If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any
connection of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of
religious teaching in state-maintained schools, the immediate and
superficial answer is not far to seek....
The cause lay largely in the diversity and vitality of the various
denominations, each fairly sure that, with a fair field and no favor,
it could make its own way; and each animated by a jealous fear that,
if any connection of State and Church were permitted, some rival
denomination would get an unfair advantage.
- John Dewey (1859-1953), American philosopher, 
  from "Democracy in the Schools", 1908
	*** System shutdown message from root ***

System going down in 60 seconds


	It is always preferable to visit home with a friend.  Your parents will
not be pleased with this plan, because they want you all to themselves and
because in the presence of your friend, they will have to act like mature
human beings.
	The worst kind of friend to take home is a girl, because in that case,
there is the potential that your parents will lose you not just for the 
duration of the visit but forever.  The worst kind of girl to take home is one
of a different religion:  Not only will you be lost to your parents forever but
you will be lost to a woman who is immune to their religious/moral arguments
and whose example will irretrievably corrupt you.
	Let's say you've fallen in love with just such a girl and would like
to take her home for the holidays.  You are aware of your parents' xenophobic
response to anyone of a different religion.  How to prepare them for the shock?
	Simple.  Call them up shortly before your visit and tell them that you
have gotten quite serious about somebody who is of a different religion, a
different race and the same sex.  Tell them you have already invited this
person to meet them.  Give the information a moment to sink in and then 
remark that you were only kidding, that your lover is merely of a different
religion.  They will be so relieved they will welcome her with open arms.
		-- Playboy, January, 1983
You'll always be,
What you always were,
Which has nothing to do with,
All to do, with her.
		-- Company
"Here comes Mr. Bill's dog."
-- Narrator, Saturday Night Live
Love, which is quickly kindled in a gentle heart,
	seized this one for the fair form
	that was taken from me-and the way of it afficts me still.
Love, which absolves no loved one from loving,
	seized me so strongly with delight in him,
	that, as you see, it does not leave me even now.
Love brought us to one death.
		-- La Divina Commedia: Inferno V, vv. 100-06
Drink and dance and laugh and lie
Love, the reeling midnight through
For tomorrow we shall die!
(But, alas, we never do.)
		-- Dorothy Parker, "The Flaw in Paganism"
default, n.:
	[Possibly from Black English "De fault wid dis system is you,
	mon."] The vain attempt to avoid errors by inactivity.  "Nothing will
	come of nothing: speak again." -- King Lear.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"
"You tweachewous miscweant!"
-- Elmer Fudd
Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
		-- William Shakespeare, "As You Like It"
QOTD:
	"He's on the same bus, but he's sure as hell got a different
	ticket."
The notion of a "record" is an obsolete remnant of the days of the 80-column
card.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie
... Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of
the person making the claim, not the critic.  It is not the responsibility
of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the
responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals
or colored lights never healed anyone.  The skeptic's role is to point out
claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidcence and to
provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with
the accepted body of scientific evidence. ...
- Thomas L. Creed, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, pg. 215
"Ahead warp factor 1"
- Captain Kirk
Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters
needs pounding.
Never drink coke in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled with
the chemicals in coke produce hallucinations.  People tend to change into
lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the
window.  Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.
"On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], 'Pray, Mr. 
Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers
come out?'  I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas 
that could provoke such a question."
-- Charles Babbage
boy, n:
	A noise with dirt on it.
Manly's Maxim:
	Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion
	with confidence.
Real Programmers don't eat quiche.  They eat Twinkies and Szechwan food.
It's faster horses,
Younger women,
Older whiskey and
More money.
		-- Tom T. Hall, "The Secret of Life"
Love is not enough, but it sure helps.
f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
"Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons 
for it afterwards."
-- Soren F. Petersen
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door."
... that the notions of "hardware", and "software" should be extended by
the notion of LIVEWARE - being that which produces software for use on
hardware.  This produces an obvious extension to the concept of MONITORS.
A liveware monitor is a person dedicated to the task of ensuring that the
liveware does not interfere with the real-time processes, invoking the
REAL-TIME EXECUTIONER to delete liveware that adversely affects ...
		-- Linden and Wihelminalaan
	A young married couple had their first child.  Their original pride
and joy slowly turned to concern however, for after a couple of years the
child had never uttered any form of speech.  They hired the best speech
therapists, doctors, psychiatrists, all to no avail.  The child simply refused
to speak.  One morning when the child was five, while the husband was reading
the paper, and the wife was feeding the dog, the little kid looks up from
his bowl and said, "My cereal's cold."
	The couple is stunned.  The man, in tears, confronts his son.  "Son,
after all these years, why have you waited so long to say something?".
	Shrugs the kid, "Everything's been okay 'til now".
Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting
enough cheese.
		-- National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
Hello?  Enema Bondage?  I'm calling because I want to be happy, I guess ...
Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III
What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?
		-- Roger von Oech
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
		-- Groucho Marx
Uncompensated overtime?  Just Say No.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live
at all.  And often enough our faith beforehand in an uncertified result
is the only thing that makes the result come true.
		-- William James
Drinking is not a spectator sport.
		-- Jim Brosnan
The rule on staying alive as a forecaster is to give 'em a number or
give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
		-- Jane Bryant Quinn
If people drank ink instead of Schlitz, they'd be better off.
		-- Edward E. Hippensteel

[What brand of ink?  Ed.]
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
		-- W.C. Fields
The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can
be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
		-- Elizabeth Taylor
Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.  Many
people wonder where the word "eggnog" comes from.  The first syllable
comes from the English word "egg", meaning "egg".  I don't know where
the "nog" comes from.

To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine gin and, if they are in
season, eggs...
"Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?"

"Piece of cake, Master?  Radial slice of baked confection ... coefficient of
relevance to Key of Time: zero."
		-- Dr. Who
The Czechs announced after Sputnik that they, too, would launch a satellite.
Of course, it would orbit Sputnik, not Earth!
In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence ...
in time every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent
to carry out its duties ... Work is accomplished by those employees who
have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter, "The Peter Principle"
Q:	Why haven't you graduated yet?
A:	Well, Dad, I could have finished years ago, but I wanted
	my dissertation to rhyme.
According to a recent and unscientific national survey, smiling is something
everyone should do at least 6 times a day.  In an effort to increase the
national average  (the US ranks third among the world's superpowers in
smiling), Xerox has instructed all personnel to be happy, effervescent, and
most importantly, to smile.  Xerox employees agree, and even feel strongly
that they can not only meet but surpass the national average...  except for
Tubby Ackerman.  But because Tubby does such a fine job of racing around
parking lots with a large butterfly net retrieving floating IC chips, Xerox
decided to give him a break.  If you see Tubby in a parking lot he may have
a sheepish grin.  This is where the expression, "Service with a slightly
sheepish grin" comes from.
"The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make 
empty prophecies.  The danger already exists that mathematicians have made 
a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the 
bonds of Hell."
 -- Saint Augustine
Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
		-- Lazarus Long
Death to all fanatics!
Census Taker to Housewife:
Did you ever have the measles, and, if so, how many?
How do I type "for i in *.dvi do xdvi i done" in a GUI?
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of interfaces.)
Where do you go to get anorexia?
		-- Shelley Winters
Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal -- if you are all thumbs.
		-- Glaser and Way
Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve
him.  Nasrudin said, "First things first.  Did you see me walk into your
shop?"
	"Of course."
	"Have you ever seen me before?"
	"Never."
	"Then how do you know it was me?"
Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
A penny saved is a penny to squander.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
		-- Pink Floyd
All warranty and guarantee clauses become null and void upon payment of invoice.
X windows:
	Accept any substitute.
	If it's broke, don't fix it.
	If it ain't broke, fix it.
	Form follows malfunction.
	The Cutting Edge of Obsolescence.
	The trailing edge of software technology.
	Armageddon never looked so good.
	Japan's secret weapon.
	You'll envy the dead.
	Making the world safe for competing window systems.
	Let it get in YOUR way.
	The problem for your problem.
	If it starts working, we'll fix it.  Pronto.
	It could be worse, but it'll take time.
	Simplicity made complex.
	The greatest productivity aid since typhoid.
	Flakey and built to stay that way.

One thousand monkeys.  One thousand MicroVAXes.  One thousand years.
	X windows.
Alone, adj.:
	In bad company.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
No guts, no glory.
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney
QOTD:
	Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
A "critic" is a man who creates nothing and thereby feels qualified to judge
the work of creative men. There is logic in this; he is unbiased -- he hates
all creative people equally.
<< WAIT >>
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.
A penny saved is a penny taxed.
I'm encased in the lining of a pure pork sausage!!
Let's remind ourselves that last year's fresh idea is today's cliche.
		-- Austen Briggs
Nasrudin was carrying home a piece of liver and the recipe for liver pie.
Suddenly a bird of prey swooped down and snatched the piece of meat from his
hand.  As the bird flew off, Nasrudin called after it, "Foolish bird!  You
have the liver, but what can you do with it without the recipe?"
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition.
I give you the man who -- the man who -- uh, I forgets the man who?
		-- Beauregard Bugleboy
"If you took everyone who's ever been to a Dead
 show, and lined them up, they'd stretch halfway to
 the moon and back... and none of them would be
 complaining."
-- a local Deadhead in the Seattle Times
Many a family tree needs trimming.
APL hackers do it in the quad.
Quick, sing me the BUDAPEST NATIONAL ANTHEM!!
To generalize is to be an idiot.
		-- William Blake
That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
		-- Charles Chincholles, "Pensees de tout le monde"
Democracy is good.  I say this because other systems are worse.
		-- Jawaharlal Nehru
A sad spectacle.  If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly.
If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
		-- Thomas Carlyle, looking at the stars
Horngren's Observation:
	Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.
Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
		-- Homer
A feed salesman is on his way to a farm.  As he's driving along at forty
m.p.h., he looks out his car window and sees a three-legged chicken running
alongside him, keeping pace with his car.  He is amazed that a chicken is
running at forty m.p.h.  So he speeds up to forty-five, fifty, then sixty
m.p.h.  The chicken keeps right up with him the whole way, then suddenly
takes off and disappears into the distance.
	The man pulls into the farmyard and says to the farmer, "You know,
the strangest thing just happened to me; I was driving along at at least
sixty miles an hour and a chicken passed me like I was standing still!"
	"Yeah," the farmer replies, "that chicken was ours.  You see, there's
me, and there's Ma, and there's our son Billy.  Whenever we had chicken for
dinner, we would all want a drumstick, so we'd have to kill two chickens.
So we decided to try and breed a three-legged chicken so each of us could
have a drumstick."
	"How do they taste?" said the farmer.
	"Don't know," replied the farmer.  "We haven't been able to catch
one yet."
Williams and Holland's Law:
	If enough data is collected, anything may be proven by statistical
	methods.
"I'd love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night."
Yow!  Am I having fun yet?
Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly
A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and
exceptional ability in that particular field."
The only constant is change.
I think that I shall never see
A thing as lovely as a tree.
But as you see the trees have gone
They went this morning with the dawn.
A logging firm from out of town
Came and chopped the trees all down.
But I will trick those dirty skunks
And write a brand new poem called 'Trunks'.
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
- Calvin Keegan
There are only two kinds of tequila.  Good and better.
"Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor
of journalism in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated,
it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community."
                                        - Oscar Wilde
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
We are all born equal... just some of us are more equal than others.
Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days, but left to itself,
a cold will hang on for a week.
		-- Darrell Huff
Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Take not a single bit!
It used to point to me,
Now I'm protecting it.
It was the reader's CONS
That made it, paired by dot;
Now, GC, for the nonce,
Thou shalt reclaim it not.
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers?

-- No?

GOOD!
	Horses are forbidden to eat fire hydrants in Marshalltown, Iowa.
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #12

	Those who can, do.  Those who can't, write the instructions.
I'm not afraid of death -- I just don't want to be there when it happens.
		-- Woody Allen
Fun Facts, #14:
	In table tennis, whoever gets 21 points first wins.  That's how
	it once was in baseball -- whoever got 21 runs first won.
Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.
This sentence no verb.
Drinking is not a spectator sport.
		-- Jim Brosnan
Freedom of the press is for those who happen to own one.
"I'd love to go out with you, but I did my own thing and now I've got
to undo it."
Stupidity is its own reward.
Miguel Cervantes wrote Donkey Hote.  Milton wrote Paradise Lost, then his
wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.
A bad marriage is like a horse with a broken leg, you can shoot
the horse, but it don't fix the leg.
The road to Hades is easy to travel.
		-- Bion
New York's got the ways and means;
Just won't let you be.
		-- The Grateful Dead
Drink Canada Dry!  You might not succeed, but it *__is* fun trying.
We're Knights of the Round Table
We dance whene'er we're able
We do routines and chorus scenes	We're knights of the Round Table
With footwork impeccable		Our shows are formidable
We dine well here in Camelot		But many times
We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.	We're given rhymes
					That are quite unsingable
In war we're tough and able,		We're opera mad in Camelot
Quite indefatigable			We sing from the diaphragm a lot.
Between our quests
We sequin vests
And impersonate Clark Gable
It's a busy life in Camelot.
I have to push the pram a lot.
		-- Monty Python
I hope the ``Eurythmics'' practice birth control ...
Illinois isn't exactly the land that God forgot -- it's more like the
land He's trying to ignore.
Without facts, the decision cannot be made logically.  You must rely on
your human intuition.
		-- Spock, "Assignment: Earth", stardate unknown
So we follow our wandering paths, and the very darkness acts as our guide and
our doubts serve to reassure us.
- Jean-Pierre de Caussade, eighteenth-century Jesuit priest
Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
		-- G.J. Danton
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#15 Your pet rock snaps at you.
If what they've been doing hasn't solved the problem, tell them to
do something else.
	-- Gerald Weinberg, "The Secrets of Consulting"
All I need to have a good time,
Is a reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.
With those three things I don't need no sunshine,
A reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.

All I want is to never grow old,
I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.
I want 97 kilos already rolled,
I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.

I want to light my cigars with 10 dollar bills,
I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
I want a bottle of Red Eye that's always filled,
I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
		-- Country Joe and the Fish, "Zachariah"
Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish.  Don't overdo it.
		-- Lao Tsu
A watched clock never boils.
The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.  The acronym "LEO"
represents the secondary theme:

	Law Enforcement Officials

The overall theme of SoupCon shall be:

	Avoiding Communication with Law Enforcement Officials
		-- M. Gallaher
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
		-- Henry Adams
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free,
... it expects what never was and never will be.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
There is nothing wrong with Southern California that a rise in the
ocean level wouldn't cure.
		-- Ross MacDonald
I'm glad we don't have to play in the shade.
		-- Golfer Bobby Jones on being told that it was 105 degrees
		   in the shade.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
3M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art
and display work.  This product is called "Craft Mount".  3M suggests
that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond "while the
adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky."  I did not know what "aggressively
tacky" meant until I read today's fortune.

		[And who said we didn't offer equal time, huh? Ed.]
We can defeat gravity.  The problem is the paperwork involved.
A [golf] ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in
the fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the
rough.  Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between
the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be
penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such
uncontrollable physical phenomena.
		-- Donald A. Metz
Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
		-- W.C. Bennett
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
purpitation, n.:
	To take something off the grocery shelf, decide you
	don't want it, and then put it in another section.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but its the only one we've got.
Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone
Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool.
Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
		-- ELP, "Karn Evil 9" (1st Impression, Part 2)
If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty, we encourage it,
and involve others in our doom.
		-- Samuel Adams
Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.
The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president?  What is it
about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television, that
you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of industrial waste?
		-- Dave Barry, "On Presidential Politics"
An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
There is an order of things in this universe.
		-- Apollo, "Who Mourns for Adonais?" stardate 3468.1
Well thaaaaaaat's okay.
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find
anyone.  Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains,
two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.  Never in the
history of war have so few been led by so many.
- General James Gavin
The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky
Dear Emily, what about test messages?
		-- Concerned

Dear Concerned:
	It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.  Never test
merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.  Also put "please
ignore" on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips
a message with a line like that.  Don't use a subject like "My sex is female
but I demand to be addressed as male." because such articles are read in depth
by all USEnauts.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
How doth the VAX's C-compiler
	Improve its object code.
And even as we speak does it
	Increase the system load.

How patiently it seems to run
	And spit out error flags,
While users, with frustration, all
	Tear their clothes to rags.
This was a Golden Age, a time of high adventure, rich living, and hard
dying... but nobody thought so.  This was a future of fortune and theft,
pillage and rapine, culture and vice... but nobody admitted it.
		-- Alfred Bester, "The Stars My Destination"
Who are the artists in the Computer Graphics Show?  Wavefront's latest box, or 
the people who programmed it?  Should Mandelbrot get all the credit for the 
output of programs like MandelVroom?
-- Peter da Silva
Interpreter, n.:
	One who enables two persons of different languages to
	understand each other by repeating to each what it would have been to
	the interpreter's advantage for the other to have said.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
"And, of course, you have the commercials where savvy businesspeople Get Ahead 
by using their MacIntosh computers to create the ultimate American business 
product: a really sharp-looking report."
-- Dave Barry
The two things that can get you into trouble quicker than anything else
are fast women and slow horses.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
		-- Robert Orben

Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
		-- Jack Paar
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac; you can always take something for it.
Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural
function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the
other.  There is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the
brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise.
Actually, of course, this is a working assumption only. ... It is quite
conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected.  But it
is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working
assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it.
Our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble.  One cannot
logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology.
		-- D.O. Hebb, "Organization of Behavior: A Neuropsychological
		   Theory", 1949
Bore, n.:
	A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
"But don't you see, the color of wine in a crystal glass can be spiritual.
 The look in a face, the music of a violin.  A Paris theater can be infused
 with the spiritual for all its solidity."
 -- Lestat, _The Vampire Lestat_, Anne Rice
	"Life and death are seldom logical."
	"But attaining a desired goal always is."
		-- McCoy and Spock, "The Galileo Seven", stardate 2821.7
The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
		-- Robert Pante, fashion consultant
Now there's a violent movie titled, "The Croquet Homicide," or "Murder
With Mallets Aforethought."
		-- Shelby Friedman, WSJ.
The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
		-- C. Schulz
I BET WHAT HAPPENED was they discovered fire and invented the wheel on
the same day.  Then that night, they burned the wheel.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember
your birthday when you never look any older?"
handshaking protocol, n:
	A process employed by hostile hardware devices to initate a
	terse but civil dialogue, which, in turn, is characterized by
	occasional misunderstanding, sulking, and name-calling.
Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.
interlard - vt., to intersperse; diversify
-- Webster's New World Dictionary Of The American Language
Fremen add life to spice!
Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
		-- Michael J. Wagner
Lockwood's Long Shot:
	The chances of getting eaten up by a lion on Main Street
	aren't one in a million, but once would be enough.
Thus spake the master programmer:
	"When you have learned to snatch the error code from
	the trap frame, it will be time for you to leave."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
If a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better,
and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can
convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health.
		-- Sir Peter Medawar, "The Art of the Soluble"
Intellect annuls Fate.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and
when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
		-- Dick Brandon
If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad,
he should see how bad it is with representation.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that
either.
		-- Jack Benny
There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.
	*** A NEW KIND OF PROGRAMMING ***

Do you want the instant respect that comes from being able to use technical
terms that nobody understands?  Do you want to strike fear and loathing into
the hearts of DP managers everywhere?  If so, then let the Famous Programmers'
School lead you on... into the world of professional computer programming.
They say a good programmer can write 20 lines of effective program per day.
With our unique training course, we'll show you how to write 20 lines of code
and lots more besides.  Our training course covers every programming language
in existence, and some that aren't.  You'll learn why the on/off switch for a
computer is so important, what the words *fatal error* mean, and who and what
you should blame when you make a mistake.

	Yes, I want the brochure describing this incredible offer.
	I enclose $1000 is small unmarked bills to cover the cost of
	postage and handling. (No live poultry, please.)

*** Our Slogan:  Top down programming for the masses. ***
The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.  It cannot be
ruled by interfering.
		-- Chinese proverb
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.  Therefore you
have few friends.
By the yard, life is hard.
By the inch, it's a cinch.
"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And make errors few people could bear;
You complain about everyone's English but yours --
	Do you really think this is quite fair?"

"I make lots of mistakes," Father William declared,
	"But my stature these days is so great
That no critic can hurt me -- I've got them all scared,
	And to stop me it's now far too late."
Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.
The Official MBA Handbook on the use of sunlamps:
	Use a sunlamp only on weekends.  That way, if the office wise guy
	remarks on the sudden appearance of your tan, you can fabricate
	some story about a sun-stroked weekend at some island Shangri-La
	like Caneel Bay.  Nothing is more transparent than leaving the
	office at 11:45 on a Tuesday night, only to return an Aztec sun
	god at 8:15 the next morning.
Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield lands directly in front
	of your eyes.
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
		-- Robert Frost, "The Death of the Hired Man"
Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
		-- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.
COBOL:
	An exercise in Artificial Inelegance.
If you notice that a person is deceiving you, they must not be
deceiving you very well.
Money doesn't talk, it swears.
		-- Bob Dylan
"They know your name, address, telephone number, credit card numbers, who ELSE
is driving the car "for insurance", ...  your driver's license number. In the
state of Massachusetts, this is the same number as that used for Social
Security, unless you object to such use. In THAT case, you are ASSIGNED a
number and you reside forever more on the list of "weird people who don't give
out their Social Security Number in Massachusetts."
-- Arthur Miller
If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
		-- Chinese proverb
There are only two things in this world that I am sure of, death and
taxes, and we just might do something about death one of these days.
		-- shades
Inside, I'm already SOBBING!
The bank sent our statement this morning,
The red ink was a sight of great awe!
Their figures and mine might have balanced,
But my wife was too quick on the draw.
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
		-- Bert Whitney
Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking,
unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
		-- Edward Gibbon
I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
		-- Butch Cassidy
Drakenberg's Discovery:
	If you can't seem to find your glasses,
	it's probably because you don't have them on.
There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.
A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.
Everyone *knows* cats are on a higher level of existence.  These silly humans
are just to big-headed to admit their inferiority.
	Just think what a nicer world this would be if it were controlled by
cats.
	You wouldn't see cats having waste disposal problems.
	They're neat.
	They don't have sexual hangups.  A cat gets horny, it does something
about it.
	They keep reasonable hours.  You *never* see a cat up before noon.
	They know how to relax.  Ever heard of a cat with an ulcer?  
	What are the chances of a cat starting a nuclear war?  Pretty neglible.
It's not that they can't, they just know that there are much better things to
do with ones time.  Like lie in the sun and sleep.  Or go exploring the world.
BOO!  We changed Coke again!  BLEAH!  BLEAH! 
Am I in GRADUATE SCHOOL yet?
What's page one, a preemptive strike?
		-- Professor Freund, Communication, Ramapo State College
Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.
In Devon, Connecticut, it is unlawful to walk backwards after sunset.
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will
be sold.
"I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!"
American by birth; Texan by the grace of God.
Fun Facts, #14:
	In table tennis, whoever gets 21 points first wins.  That's how
	it once was in baseball -- whoever got 21 runs first won.
"By golly, I'm beginning to think Linux really *is* the best thing since
sliced bread."
(By Vance Petree, Virginia Power)
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
		-- Mt.
The worst is not so long as we can say "This is the worst."
		-- King Lear
You are capable of planning your future.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.  The world owes you
nothing.  It was here first.
		-- Mark Twain
DeVries' Dilemma:
	If you hit two keys on the typewriter, the one you don't want
	hits the paper.
What we need in this country, instead of Daylight Savings Time, which nobody
really understands anyway, is a new concept called Weekday Morning Time,
whereby at 7 a.m. every weekday we go into a space-launch-style "hold" for
two to three hours, during which it just remains 7 a.m.  This way we could
all wake up via a civilized gradual process of stretching and belching and
scratching, and it would still be only 7 a.m. when we were ready to actually
emerge from bed.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"
Things are not as simple as they seems at first.
- Edward Thorp
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be
unhappy.
		-- Groucho Marx
Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?  Is it something I said?
		-- Tom Ryan
You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
		-- Tim Leary
Encyclopedia Salesmen:
	Invite them all in.  Nip out the back door.  Phone the police
	and tell them your house is being burgled.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
IOT trap -- core dumped
"I am your density."
  -- George McFly in "Back to the Future"
does your DRESSING ROOM have enough ASPARAGUS?
When we write programs that "learn", it turns out we do and they don't.
Actor			Real Name

Boris Karloff		William Henry Pratt
Cary Grant		Archibald Leach
Edward G. Robinson	Emmanual Goldenburg
Gene Wilder		Gerald Silberman
John Wayne		Marion Morrison
Kirk Douglas		Issur Danielovitch
Richard Burton		Richard Jenkins Jr.
Roy Rogers		Leonard Slye
Woody Allen		Allen Stewart Konigsberg
Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Time for you to leave."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.  There might be a
law against it by that time.
David Brinkley: The daily astrological charts are precisely where, in my
  judgment, they belong, and that is on the comic page.
George Will:  I don't think astrology belongs even on the comic pages.
  The comics are making no truth claim.
Brinkley:  Where would you put it?
Will:  I wouldn't put it in the newspaper.  I think it's transparent rubbish.
  It's a reflection of an idea that we expelled from Western thought in the
  sixteenth century, that we are in the center of a caring universe.  We are
  not the center of the universe, and it doesn't care.  The star's alignment
  at the time of our birth -- that is absolute rubbish.  It is not funny to
  have it intruded among people who have nuclear weapons.
Sam Donaldson:  This isn't something new.  Governor Ronald Reagan was sworn
  in just after midnight in his first term in Sacramento because the stars
  said it was a propitious time.
Will:  They [horoscopes] are utter crashing banalities.  They could apply to
  anyone and anything.
Brinkley:  When is the exact moment [of birth]?  I don't think the nurse is
  standing there with a stopwatch and a notepad.
Donaldson:  If we're making decisions based on the stars -- that's a cockamamie
  thing.  People want to know.
-- "This Week" with David Brinkley, ABC Television, Sunday, May 8, 1988,
   excerpts from a discussion on Astrology and Reagan
Am I SHOPLIFTING?
When does later become never?
Bachelors' wives and old maids' children are always perfect.
		-- Nicolas Chamfort
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to
see it tried on him personally.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.
We are Pentium of Borg. Division is futile. You will be approximated.
(seen in someone's .signature)
"By golly, I'm beginning to think Linux really *is* the best thing since
sliced bread."
(By Vance Petree, Virginia Power)
A good name lost is seldom regained.  When character is gone,
all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
		-- J. Hawes
The public demands certainties;  it must be told definitely and a bit
raucously that this is true and that is false.  But there are no certainties.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "Prejudice"
"Multiply in your head" (ordered the compassionate Dr. Adams) "365,365,365,
365,365,365 by 365,365,365,365,365,365".  He [ten-year-old Truman Henry
Safford] flew around the room like a top, pulled his pantaloons over the
tops of his boots, bit his hands, rolled his eyes in their sockets, sometimes
smiling and talking, and then seeming to be in an agony, until, in not more
than one minute, said he, 133,491,850,208,566,925,016,658,299,941,583,255!"
An electronic computer might do the job a little faster but it wouldn't be
as much fun to watch.
		-- James R. Newman, "The World of Mathematics"
Riffle West Virginia is so small that the Boy Scout had to double as the
town drunk.
Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly
leverage, n.:
	Even if someone doesn't care what the world thinks
	about them, they always hope their mother doesn't find out.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.	"Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
All mimsy were the borogroves		The jaws that bite, the claws
And the mome raths outgrabe.			that catch!
					Beware the Jubjub bird,
He took his vorpal sword in hand	And shun the frumious Bandersnatch!"
Long time the manxome foe he sought.
So rested he by the tumtum tree		And as in uffish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberwock, with eyes aflame
					Came whuffling through the tulgey wood
One! Two! One! Two!  And through and	And burbled as it came!
	through
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack.	"Hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
He left it dead, and took its head,	Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
And went galumphing back.		Oh frabjous day!  Calooh!  Callay!"
					He chortled in his joy.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.
All mimsy were the borogroves
And the mome raths outgrabe.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Jabberwocky"
O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds,
and the pessimist knows it.
		-- J. Robert Oppenheimer, "Bulletin of Atomic Scientists"

Yet creeds mean very little, Coth answered the dark god, still speaking
almost gently.  The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all
possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
		-- James Cabell, "The Silver Stallion"
Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
Too much of everything is just enough.
		-- Bob Wier
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
		-- Paul Bourget
"Every group has a couple of experts.  And every group has at least one idiot.
 Thus are balance and harmony (and discord) maintained.  It's sometimes hard
 to remember this in the bulk of the flamewars that all of the hassle and
 pain is generally caused by one or two highly-motivated, caustic twits."
-- Chuq Von Rospach, chuq@apple.com, about Usenet
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
	"Ever since they threatened to fire me."
Somewhere in suburban Honolulu, an unemployed bellhop is whipping up a
batch of illegal psilocybin chop suey!!
"We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand."
-- James Watt
"Show business is just like high school, except you get paid."
- Martin Mull
The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men
of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
		-- Justice Louis D. Brandeis
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
		-- Lao Tsu
I am covered with pure vegetable oil and I am writing a best seller!
"Let's not be too tough on our own ignorance.  It's the thing that makes
 America great.  If America weren't incomparably ignorant, how could we
 have tolerated the last eight years?"
-- Frank Zappa, Feb 1, 1989
QOTD:
	"Like this rose, our love will wilt and die."
When you dig another out of trouble, you've got a place to bury your own.
Schshschshchsch.
		-- The Gorn, "Arena", stardate 3046.2
Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service
Brandy-and-water spoils two good things.
		-- Charles Lamb
I have a VISION!  It's a RANCID double-FISHWICH on an ENRICHED BUN!!
Love is sentimental measles.
"Our journeys to the stars will be made on spaceships created by determined,
hardworking scientists and engineers applying the principles of science, not
aboard flying saucers piloted by little gray aliens from some other dimension."
-- Robert A. Baker, "The Aliens Among Us:  Hypnotic Regression Revisited",
   The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII, No. 2
As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly
useful and interesting, I just had to share it.

Answer each of the following items "true" or "false"

 1. I salivate at the sight of mittens.
 2. If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
 3. Some people never look at me.
 4. Spinach makes me feel alone.
 5. My sex life is A-okay.
 6. When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
 7. I like to kill mosquitoes.
 8. Cousins are not to be trusted.
 9. It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
10. I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
11. I think most people would cry to gain a point.
12. I cannot read or write.
13. I am bored by thoughts of death.
14. I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
15. I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
16. I am never startled by a fish.
17. My mother's uncle was a good man.
18. I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
19. People who break the law are wise guys.
20. I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.
QOTD:
	All I want is more than my fair share.
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
My doctorate's in Literature, but it seems like a pretty good pulse to me.
A bunch of Polish scientists decided to flee their repressive government by
hijacking an airliner and forcing the pilot to fly them to the West.  They
drove to the airport, forced their way on board a large passenger jet, and
found there was no pilot on board.  Terrified, they listened as the sirens
got louder.  Finally, one of the scientists suggested that since he was an
experimentalist, he would try to fly the aircraft.
	He sat down at the controls and tried to figure them out.  The sirens
got louder and louder.  Armed men surrounded the jet.  The would be pilot's
friends cried out, "Please, please take off now!!!  Hurry!!!"
	The experimentalist calmly replied, "Have patience.  I'm just a simple
pole in a complex plane."
	The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the
forest, hunting bear.  They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took
their backpacks off and put them inside.  At which point the salesman turned
to his friend, and said, "You unpack while I go and find us a bear."
	Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down
on the porch.  Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.  The noises
got nearer -- and louder -- and suddenly there was the salesman, running like
hell across the clearing toward the cabin, pursued by one of the largest and
most ferocious grizzly bears the analyst had ever seen.
	"Open the door!", screamed the salesman.
	The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door,
suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.  The bear, unable to stop, continued
through the door and into the cabin.  The salesman slammed the door closed
and grinned at his friend.  "Got him!", he exclaimed, "now, you skin this
one and I'll go rustle us up another!"
Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
		-- Arman de Caillavet, 1913
Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness.
This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a
computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.
Warp 7 -- It's a law we can live with.
The `loner' may be respected, but he is always resented by his colleagues,
for he seems to be passing a critical judgment on them, when he may be
simply making a limiting statement about himself.
		-- Sidney Harris
These PRESERVES should be FORCE-FED to PENTAGON OFFICIALS!!
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
Our father who art in heaven ... I sincerely pray that SOMEBODY at this
table will PAY for my SHREDDED WHAT and ENGLISH MUFFIN ... and also
leave a GENEROUS TIP ....
A yawn is a silent shout.
		-- G.K. Chesterton
"I'm not a god, I was misquoted."
-- Lister, Red Dwarf
There's no heavier burden than a great potential.
I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.
"Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world."
- The Beach Boys
I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.
Q:	What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
A:	Open other end.
This is a NO-FRILLS flight -- hold th' CANADIAN BACON!!
"Money is the root of all money."
-- the moving finger
	A circus foreman was making the rounds inspecting the big top when
a scrawny little man entered the tent and walked up to him.  "Are you the
foreman around here?" he asked timidly.  "I'd like to join your circus; I
have what I think is a pretty good act."
	The foreman nodded assent, whereupon the little man hurried over to
the main pole and rapidly climbed up to the very tip-top of the big top.
Drawing a deep breath, he hurled himself off into the air and began flapping
his arms furiously.  Amazingly, rather than plummeting to his death the little
man began to fly all around the poles, lines, trapezes and other obstacles,
performing astounding feats of aerobatics which ended in a long power dive
from the top of the tent, pulling up into a gentle feet-first landing beside
the foreman, who had been nonchalantly watching the whole time.
	"Well," puffed the little man.  "What do you think?"
	"That's all you do?" answered the foreman scornfully.  "Bird
imitations?"
The sight of death frightens them [Earthers].
		-- Kras the Klingon, "Friday's Child", stardate 3497.2
All theoretical chemistry is really physics; and all theoretical chemists 
know it.
		-- Richard P. Feynman
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
		-- Steven Wright
Finding out what goes on in the C.I.A. is like performing acupuncture
on a rock.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981
You do not have mail.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
		-- H.L. Mencken, on Shakespeare
Chicago Transit Authority Rider's Rule #84:
	The CTA has complimentary pop-up timers available on request
	for overheated passengers.  When your timer pops up, the driver will
	cheerfully baste you.
		-- Chicago Reader 5/28/82
The thrill is here, but it won't last long
You'd better have your fun before it moves along...
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
		-- Maurice Chapelain, "Main courante"
All is fear in love and war.
A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate cake
without ketchup and mustard.
This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.
People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they
did yesterday.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Planet Claire has pink hair.
All the trees are red.
No one ever dies there.
No one has a head....
Veni, Vidi, VISA:
	I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
In the Halls of Justice the only justice is in the halls.
		-- Lenny Bruce
Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
		-- Henrik Tikkanen
You can't hug a child with nuclear arms.
Our missions are peaceful -- not for conquest.  When we do battle, it
is only because we have no choice.
		-- Kirk, "The Squire of Gothos", stardate 2124.5
History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles,
cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
		-- Leo Tolstoy
sillema sillema nika su
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise
salesman.
How you look depends on where you go.
Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
		-- Groucho Marx's last words
What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.
The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared
for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his
infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and
upon the successful management of which so much remains.
		-- George F. Baer, railroad industrialist
... or were you driving the PONTIAC that HONKED at me in MIAMI last Tuesday?
Hippogriff, n.:
	An animal (now extinct) which was half horse and half griffin.
	The griffin was itself a compound creature, half lion and half eagle.
	The hippogriff was actually, therefore, only one quarter eagle, which
	is two dollars and fifty cents in gold.  The study of zoology is full
	of surprises.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are
totally worthless.
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
The future lies ahead.
The Least Successful Police Dogs
	America has a very strong candidate in "La Dur", a fearsome looking
schnauzer hound, who was retired from the Orlando police force in Florida
in 1978.  He consistently refused to do anything which might ruffle or
offend the criminal classes.
	His handling officer, Rick Grim, had to admit: "He just won't go up
and bite them.  I got sick and tired of doing that dog's work for him."
	The British contenders in this category, however, took things a
stage further.  "Laddie" and "Boy" were trained as detector dogs for drug
raids.  Their employment was terminated following a raid in the Midlands in
1967.
	While the investigating officer questioned two suspects, they
patted and stroked the dogs who eventually fell asleep in front of the
fire.  When the officer moved to arrest the suspects, one dog growled at
him while the other leapt up and bit his thigh.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Bit off more than my mind could chew,
Shower or suicide, what do I do?
		-- Julie Brown, "Will I Make it Through the Eighties?"
You are false data.
Insanity is the final defense ... It's hard to get a refund when the
salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.
Say my love is easy had,
	Say I'm bitten raw with pride,
Say I am too often sad --
	Still behold me at your side.

Say I'm neither brave nor young,
	Say I woo and coddle care,
Say the devil touched my tongue --
	Still you have my heart to wear.

But say my verses do not scan,
	And I get me another man!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Fighting Words"
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
		-- P.J. Plauger
Fortune's Office Door Sign of the Week:

	Incorrigible punster -- Do not incorrige.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Nine-track tapes and seven-track tapes
And tapes without any tracks;
Stretchy tapes and snarley tapes
And tapes mixed up on the racks --
	Take hold of the tape
	And pull off the strip,
	And then you'll be sure
	Your tape drive will skip.
		-- Uncle Colonel's Cursory Rhymes
I accept chaos.  I am not sure whether it accepts me.  I know some people
are terrified of the bomb.  But then some people are terrified to be seen
carrying a modern screen magazine.  Experience teaches us that silence
terrifies people the most.
		-- Bob Dylan
A cloud does not know why it moves in just such a direction and at such
a speed, if feels an impulsion... this is the place to go now.  But the
sky knows the reasons and the patterns behind all clouds, and you will
know, too, when you lift yourself high enough to see beyond horizons.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
ignorance, n.:
	When you don't know anything, and someone else finds out.
There's no such thing as an original sin.
		-- Elvis Costello
Gone With The Wind LITE(tm)
	-- by Margaret Mitchell

	A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.

Gift of the Magi LITE(tm)
	-- by O. Henry

	A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.

The Old Man and the Sea LITE(tm)
	-- by Ernest Hemingway

	An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.

Diary of a Young Girl LITE(tm)
	-- by Anne Frank

	A young girl hides in an attic but is discovered.
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
	"What's that thing?"
	"Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in
computer repair.  Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what
it does.  We call it a two-by-four."
		-- Jeff MacNelley, "Shoe"
Shit Happens.
Real software engineers don't like the idea of some inexplicable and
greasy hardware several aisles away that may stop working at any
moment.  They have a great distrust of hardware people, and wish that
systems could be virtual at *___all* levels.  They would like personal
computers (you know no one's going to trip over something and kill your
DFA in mid-transit), except that they need 8 megabytes to run their
Correctness Verification Aid packages.
panic: kernel trap (ignored)
Ozman's Laws:
	(1)  If someone says he will do something "without fail," he won't.
	(2)  The more people talk on the phone, the less money they make.
	(3)  People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.
	(4)  Pizza always burns the roof of your mouth.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
I GUESS I'LL NEVER FORGET HER.  And maybe I don't want to.  Her spirit
was wild, like a wild monkey.  Her beauty was like a beautiful horse
being ridden by a wild monkey.  I forget her other qualities.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
In this world there are only two tragedies.  One is not getting what one
wants, and the other is getting it.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Have a taco.
		-- P.S. Beagle
The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted
sullenly and, buffing her already impeccable nails -- not for the first
time since the journey begain -- pondered snidely if this would dissolve
into a vignette of minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent
with Basil.
		-- Winning sentence, 1983 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
I don't get no respect.
Life is a serious burden, which no thinking, humane person would
wantonly inflict on someone else.
		-- Clarence Darrow
"Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile."
-- Karl Lehenbauer
The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
		-- Alexandre Arnoux, "Etudes et caprices"
	If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs
around your home are too difficult to tackle.  So, when your furnace
explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it.  The
"professional" arrives in a truck with lettering on the sides and deposits a
large quantity of tools and two assistants who spend the better part of the
week in your basement whacking objects at random with heavy wrenches, after
which the "professional" returns and gives you a bill for slightly more
money than it would cost you to run a successful campaign for the U.S.
Senate.
	And that's why you've decided to start doing things yourself. You
figure, "If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I.  How difficult can
it be?"
	Very difficult.  In fact, most home projects are impossible, which
is why you should do them yourself.  There is no point in paying other
people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up yourself for far
less money.  This article can help you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
Four thousand different MAGNATES, MOGULS & NABOBS are romping in my
gothic solarium!!
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs.  The trick is to make one with none.
"We shall reach greater and greater platitudes of achievement."
-- Richard J. Daley
Keep in mind always the four constant Laws of Frisbee:
	(1) The most powerful force in the world is that of a disc
	   straining to land under a car, just out of reach (this
	   force is technically termed "car suck").
	(2) Never precede any maneuver by a comment more predictive
	   than "Watch this!"
	(3) The probability of a Frisbee hitting something is directly
	   proportional to the cost of hitting it.  For instance, a
	   Frisbee will always head directly towards a policeman or
	   a little old lady rather than the beat up Chevy.
	(4) Your best throw happens when no one is watching; when the
	   cute girl you've been trying to impress is watching, the
	   Frisbee will invariably bounce out of your hand or hit you
	   in the head and knock you silly.
Paralysis through analysis.
Like, if I'm not for me, then fer shure, like who will be?  And if, y'know,
if I'm not like fer anyone else, then hey, I mean, what am I?  And if not
now, like I dunno, maybe like when?  And if not Who, then I dunno, maybe
like the Rolling Stones?
		-- Rich Rosen (Rabbi Valiel's paraphrase of famous quote
		   attributed to Rabbi Hillel.)
I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a congressman.
		-- Will Rogers
No man is an Iland, intire of it selfe; every man is a peece of the
Continent, a part of the maine; if a Clod bee washed away by the Sea,
Europe is the lesse, as well as if a Promontorie were, as well as if
a Mannor of thy friends or of thine owne were; any mans death diminishes
me, because I am involved in Mankinde; And therefore never send to know
for whom the bell tolls; It tolls for thee.
		-- John Donne, "No Man is an Iland"
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme personne n'ecoute, il faut
toujours recommencer.
		-- A. Gide
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
		-- Michael Winner, British film director
The people of Gideon have always believed that life is sacred.  That
the love of life is the greatest gift ... We are incapable of
destroying or interfering with the creation of that which we love so
deeply -- life in every form from fetus to developed being.
		-- Hodin of Gideon, "The Mark of Gideon", stardate 5423.4
There is a time in the tides of men,
Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
- T. K. Lawson
Ah, sweet Springtime, when a young man lightly turns his fancy over!
You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).
lp1 on fire
(One of the more obfuscated kernel messages)
Anything anybody can say about America is true.
		-- Emmett Grogan
Has anyone realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is to
defuse project tensions?  When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a
non-cynical, or even an informative cookie?
	Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions.  This
still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or only
serves to blunt the warning signs.

	Long live the revolution!
	Have a nice day.
Don't know what time I'll be back, Mom.  Probably soon after she throws me out.
ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.
	The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.  We cannot fathom
their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
	Aware, like a fox crossing the water.  Alert, like a general on the
battlefield.  Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved
blocks of wood.  Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
	Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
	The answer exists only in the Tao.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Paranoia is heightened awareness.
Stone's Law:
	One man's "simple" is another man's "huh?"
Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
		-- Rob Pike
If you have to think twice about it, you're wrong.
For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
FORTRAN?  The syntactically incorrect statement "DO 10 I = 1.10" will parse and
generate code creating a variable, DO10I, as follows: "DO10I = 1.10"  If that
doesn't terrify you, it should.
"The medium is the message."
-- Marshall McLuhan
Nitwit ideas are for emergencies.  You use them when you've got nothing
else to try.  If they work, they go in the Book.  Otherwise you follow
the Book, which is largely a collection of nitwit ideas that worked.
		-- Larry Niven, "The Mote in God's Eye"
"And what do you two think you are doing?!" roared the husband, as he came
upon his wife in bed with another man.  The wife turned and smiled at her
companion.

"See?" she said.  "I told you he was stupid!"
Fried's 1st Rule:
	Increased automation of clerical function
	invariably results in increased operational costs.
A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
		-- Samuel Johnson
If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a
restaurant.
		-- Snoopy
Labor, n.:
	One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
Hire the morally handicapped.
Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they point upward from the
floor -- especially in the dark.
If God had meant for us to be in the Army, we would have been born with
green, baggy skin.
Don't everyone thank me at once!
		-- Han Solo
If you drink, don't park.  Accidents make people.
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity
for him.  All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "Minority Report"
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?
The sooner all the animals are extinct, the sooner we'll find their money.
- Ed Bluestone
I simply try to aid in letting the light of historical truth into that
decaying mass of outworn thought which attaches the modern world to
medieval conceptions of Christianity, and which still lingers among us --
a most serious barrier to religion and morals, and a menace to the whole
normal evolution of society.
- Andrew D. White, author, first president of Cornell University, 1896
I would rather be a serf in a poor man's house and be above ground than
reign among the dead.
		-- Achilles, "The Odessey", XI, 489-91
If I had my life to live over, I'd try to make more mistakes next time.  I
would relax, I would limber up, I would be sillier than I have been this
trip.  I know of very few things I would take seriously.  I would be crazier.
I would climb more mountains, swim more rivers and watch more sunsets.  I'd
travel and see.  I would have more actual troubles and fewer imaginary ones.
You see, I am one of those people who lives prophylactically and sensibly
and sanely, hour after hour, day after day.  Oh, I have had my moments and,
if I had it to do over again, I'd have more of them.  In fact, I'd try to
have nothing else.  Just moments, one after another, instead of living so many
years ahead each day.  I have been one of those people who never go anywhere
without a thermometer, a hotwater bottle, a gargle, a raincoat and a parachute.
If I had it to do over again, I would go places and do things and travel
lighter than I have.  If I had my life to live over, I would start bare-footed
earlier in the spring and stay that way later in the fall.  I would play hooky
more.  I probably wouldn't make such good grades, but I'd learn more.  I would
ride on more merry-go-rounds.  I'd pick more daisies.
But Rabshakeh said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and to
thee, to speak these words?  Hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the
wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?
[2 Kings 18:27 (KJV)]
Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been discontinued.
I'd rather be led to hell than managed to heavan.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Disco oil bussing will create a throbbing naugahide pipeline running
straight to the tropics from the rug producing regions and devalue the dollar!
"Never ascribe to malice that which is caused by greed and ignorance."
-- Cal Keegan
The term "fire" brings up visions of violence and mayhem and the ugly scene
of shooting employees who make mistakes.  We will now refer to this process
as "deleting" an employee (much as a file is deleted from a disk).  The
employee is simply there one instant, and gone the next.  All the terrible
temper tantrums, crying, and threats are eliminated.
		-- Kenny's Korner
The ark lands after The Flood.  Noah lets all the animals out.  Says he, "Go
and multiply."  Several months pass.  Noah decides to check up on the animals.
All are doing fine except a pair of snakes.  "What's the problem?" says Noah.
"Cut down some trees and let us live there", say the snakes.  Noah follows
their advice.  Several more weeks pass.  Noah checks on the snakes again.
Lots of little snakes, everybody is happy.  Noah asks, "Want to tell me how
the trees helped?"  "Certainly", say the snakes. "We're adders, and we need
logs to multiply."
Laws of Computer Programming:
	(1) Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
	(2) Any given program costs more and takes longer.
	(3) If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
	(4) If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
	(5) Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
	(6) The value of a program is proportional the weight of its output.
	(7) Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of
		the programmer who must maintain it.
Rattling around the back of my head is a disturbing image of something I
saw at the airport ... Now I'm remembering, those giant piles of computer
magazines right next to "People" and "Time" in the airport store.  Does
it bother anyone else that half the world is being told all of our hard-won
secrets of computer technology?  Remember how all the lawyers cried foul
when "How to Avoid Probate" was published?  Are they taking no-fault
insurance lying down?  No way!  But at the current rate it won't be long
before there are stacks of the "Transactions on Information Theory" at the
A&P checkout counters.  Who's going to be impressed with us electrical
engineers then?  Are we, as the saying goes, giving away the store?
		-- Robert W. Lucky, IEEE President
Them as has, gets.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
Quack!
	Quack!! Quack!!
In Germany they first came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because
I wasn't a Communist.  Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up
because I wasn't a Jew.  Then they came for the trade unionists, and I
didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.  Then they came for the
Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.  Then they came
for me -- and by that time no one was left to speak up.
		-- Pastor Martin Niemoller
The relative importance of files depends on their cost in terms of the
human effort needed to regenerate them.
		-- T.A. Dolotta
I had an errand there: gathering water-lilies,
green leaves and lilies white to please my pretty lady,
the last ere the year's end to keep them from the winter,
to flower by her pretty feet till the snows are melted.

Each year at summer's end I go to find them for her,
in a wide pool, deep and clear, far down Withywindle;
there they open first in spring and there they linger latest.

By that pool long ago I found the River-daughter,
fair young Goldberry sitting in the rushes.
Sweet was her singing then, and her heart was beating!

And that proved well for you--for now I shall no longer
go down deep again along the forest-water,
no while the year is old.  Nor shall I be passing
Old Man Willow's house this side of spring-time,
not till the merry spring, when the River-daughter
dances down the withy-path to bathe in the water.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
When the revolution comes, count your change.
I am just a nice, clean-cut Mongolian boy.
	-- Yul Brynner, 1956
Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	ar t "God"
	drink < bottle; opener			(Bourne Shell)
	cat "food in tin cans"			(all but 4.[23]BSD)
	Hey UNIX!  Got a match?			(V6 or C shell)
	mkdir matter; cat > matter		(Bourne Shell)
	rm God
	man: Why did you get a divorce?		(C shell)
	date me					(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	make "heads or tails of all this"
	who is smart
						(C shell)
	If I had a ) for every dollar of the national debt, what would I have?
	sleep with me				(anything up to 4.3BSD)
I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
		-- Groucho Marx
Dyslexics have more fnu.
	Idaho state law makes it illegal for a man to give his sweetheart
a box of candy weighing less than fifty pounds.
"All we are given is possibilities -- to make ourselves one thing or another."
-- Ortega y Gasset
"Oh, I've seen copies [of Linux Journal] around the terminal room at The
Labs."
(By Dennis Ritchie)
The longest part of the journey is said to be the passing of the gate.
		-- Marcus Terentius Varro
The test of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
		-- Aldo Leopold
<< WAIT >>
"You can't survive by sucking the juice from a wet mitten."
		-- Charles Schulz, "Things I've Had to Learn Over and
		   Over and Over"
On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], "Pray, Mr.
Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers
come out?"  I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of
ideas that could provoke such a question.
		-- Charles Babbage
If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down.  If
the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down.  If the
bulletin covers are in short supply, however, church attendance will
exceed all expectations.
		-- Reverend Chichester
Fog Lamps, n.:
	Excessively (often obnoxiously) bright lamps mounted on the fronts
	of automobiles; used on dry, clear nights to indicate that the
	driver's brain is in a fog.  See also "Idiot Lights".
Leibowitz's Rule:
	When hammering a nail, you will never hit your
	finger if you hold the hammer with both hands.
Canada Bill Jones's Motto:
	It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

Canada Bill Jones's Supplement:
	A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
Quark!  Quark!  Beware the quantum duck!
When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?
When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a year.  I
have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire winter with
slightly over half that quantity of beer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

We think that we may take judicial notice of the fact that the term "bitch"
may imply some feeling of endearment when applied to a female of the canine
species but that it is seldom, if ever, so used when applied to a female
of the human race. Coming as it did, reasonably close on the heels of two
revolver shots directed at the person of whom it was probably used, we think
it carries every reasonable implication of ill-will toward that person.
		-- Smith v. Moran, 193 N.E. 2d 466.
The first Rotarian was the first man to call John the Baptist "Jack."
		-- H.L. Mencken
There is no doubt that my lawyer is honest.  For example, when he
filed his income tax return last year, he declared half of his salary
as 'unearned income.'
		-- Michael Lara
You will contract a rare disease.
Alright, you!!  Imitate a WOUNDED SEAL pleading for a PARKING SPACE!!
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
The more cordial the buyer's secretary, the greater the odds that the
competition already has the order.
Well, fancy giving money to the Government!
Might as well have put it down the drain.
Fancy giving money to the Government!
Nobody will see the stuff again.
Well, they've no idea what money's for --
Ten to one they'll start another war.
I've heard a lot of silly things, but, Lor'!
Fancy giving money to the Government!
		-- A.P. Herbert
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine,
Fun for everyone.
Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts
down the system for days.
Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
		-- Napoleon I
A good question is never answered.  It is not a bolt to be tightened
into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the
hope of greening the landscape of idea.
		-- John Ciardi
To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take the longest
and cost the most.
You go down to the pickup station,
	craving warmth and beauty;
You settle for less than fascination --
	a few drinks later you're not so choosy.
And the closing lights strip off the shadows
	on this strange new flesh you've found --
Clutching the night to you like a fig leaf
	you hurry to the blackness
	and the blankets to lay down an impression
	and your loneliness.
		-- Joni Mitchell
I represent a sardine!!
Yesterday upon the stair
I met a man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today --
I think he's from the CIA.
Freedom from incrustation of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
A young man wrote to Mozart and said:

Q: "Herr Mozart, I am thinking of writing symphonies. Can you give me any
   suggestions as to how to get started?"
A: "A symphony is a very complex musical form, perhaps you should begin with
   some simple lieder and work your way up to a symphony."
Q: "But Herr Mozart, you were writing symphonies when you were 8 years old."
A: "But I never asked anybody how."
War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
		-- Charles Edward Montague
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
Q:	How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	I'll have to get back to you on that.
What's this script do?
    unzip ; touch ; finger ; mount ; gasp ; yes ; umount ; sleep
Hint for the answer: not everything is computer-oriented. Sometimes you're
in a sleeping bag, camping out.
(Contributed by Frans van der Zande.)
"Elvis is my copilot."
-- Cal Keegan
	"Anything else, sir?" asked the attentive bellhop, trying his best
to make the lady and gentleman comfortable in their penthouse suite in the
posh hotel.
	"No.  No, thank you," replied the gentleman.
	"Anything for your wife, sir?" the bellhop asked.
	"Why, yes, young man," said the gentleman.  "Would you bring me a
postcard?"
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart that looks at her watch.
		-- James Beard
It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg
Am I SHOPLIFTING?
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
There's nothing wrong with teenagers that reasoning with them won't aggravate.
IF I HAD A MINE SHAFT, I don't think I would just abandon it.  There's
got to be a better way.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
		-- James Baldwin, "Nobody Knows My Name"
I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child -- sometimes
on the same day.
Families, when a child is born
Want it to be intelligent.
I, through intelligence,
Having wrecked my whole life,
Only hope the baby will prove
Ignorant and stupid.
Then he will crown a tranquil life
By becoming a Cabinet Minister
		-- Su Tung-p'o
I realize that today you have a number of top female athletes such as
Martina Navratilova who can run like deer and bench-press Chevrolet
trucks.  But to be brutally frank, women as a group have a long way to
go before they reach the level of intensity and dedication to sports
that enables men to be such incredible jerks about it.
		-- Dave Barry, "Sports is a Drag"
Remember thee
Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat
In this distracted globe.  Remember thee!
Yea, from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records,
All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past,
That youth and observation copied there.
Hamlet, I : v : 95   William Shakespeare
Zounds!  I was never so bethumped with words
since I first called my brother's father dad.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Kind John"
My love, he's mad, and my love, he's fleet,
	And a wild young wood-thing bore him!
The ways are fair to his roaming feet,
	And the skies are sunlit for him.
As sharply sweet to my heart he seems
	As the fragrance of acacia.
My own dear love, he is all my dreams --
	And I wish he were in Asia.
		-- Dorothy Parker, part 2
Those who can't write, write manuals.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 7
proof by forward reference:
	Reference is usually to a forthcoming paper of the author, 
	which is often not as forthcoming as at first.

proof by semantic shift:
	Some of the standard but inconvenient definitions are changed 
	for the statement of the result.

proof by appeal to intuition:
	Cloud-shaped drawings frequently help here.
Ah, but the choice of dreams to live,
there's the rub.

For all dreams are not equal,
some exit to nightmare
most end with the dreamer

But at least one must be lived ... and died.
Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
You Earth people glorified organized violence for forty centuries.  But
you imprison those who employ it privately.
		-- Spock, "Dagger of the Mind", stardate 2715.1
The trouble with money is it costs too much!
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel
Don't remember what you can infer.
		-- Harry Tennant
"If Diet Coke did not exist it would have been neccessary to invent it."
-- Karl Lehenbauer
If what they've been doing hasn't solved the problem, tell them to
do something else.
	-- Gerald Weinberg, "The Secrets of Consulting"
If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.
This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a
little ironic since we may not have one.
		-- Arthur Clarke
"Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence"
		-- Time Bandits
Kitchen activity is highlighted.  Butter up a friend.
The star of riches is shining upon you.
Dull women have immaculate homes.
How many Bavarian Illuminati does it take to screw in a lightbulb?

Three: one to screw it in, and one to confuse the issue.
8)   Use common sense in routing cable.  Avoid wrapping coax around sources of
     strong electric or magnetic fields.  Do not wrap the cable around
     flourescent light ballasts or cyclotrons, for example.
-- Ethernet Headstart Product, Information and Installation Guide,
   Bell Technologies, pg. 11
The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but
because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
		-- Thomas Macaulay, "History of England"
VMS, n.:
	The world's foremost multi-user adventure game.
The world will end in 5 minutes.  Please log out.
It is not for me to attempt to fathom the inscrutable workings of Providence.
		-- The Earl of Birkenhead
Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity.  It
eliminates dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the
business of hate, debauchery, and self-annihilation."
		-- Johnny Hart
Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what
is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
If one studies too zealously, one easily loses his pants.
		-- A. Einstein.
There is in certain living souls
A quality of loneliness unspeakable,
So great it must be shared
As company is shared by lesser beings.
Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this
That in immensity
There is one lonelier than you.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind.  Then it passes off and I'm
as intelligent as ever.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Endgame"
A man said to the Universe:
	"Sir, I exist!"
	"However," replied the Universe,
	"the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."
		-- Stephen Crane
Given sufficient time, what you put off doing today will get done by itself.
There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling somebody out.
		-- Joan Didion, "Slouching Towards Bethlehem"
Peace was the way.
		-- Kirk, "The City on the Edge of Forever", stardate unknown
Barker's Proof:
	Proofreading is more effective after publication.
For gin, in cruel
Sober truth,
Supplies the fuel
For flaming youth.
		-- Noel Coward
Thus spake the master programmer:
	"Let the programmers be many and the managers few -- then all will
	be productive."
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
I treasure this strange combination found in very few persons: a fierce
desire for life as well as a lucid perception of the ultimate futility of
the quest.
		-- Madeleine Gobeil
When you said "HEAVILY FORESTED" it reminded me of an overdue CLEANING
BILL ... Don't you SEE?  O'Grogan SWALLOWED a VALUABLE COIN COLLECTION
and HAD to murder the ONLY MAN who KNEW!!
Civilization is fun!  Anyway, it keeps me busy!!
File cabinet:
	A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.
Johnson's law:
	Systems resemble the organizations that create them.
My father, a good man, told me, "Never lose your ignorance; you cannot
replace it."
		-- Erich Maria Remarque
"If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do:  Pour a little
Lavoris in the toilet."
		-- Jay Leno
If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
		-- Chinese proverb
All is fear in love and war.
Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while
	sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
Our missions are peaceful -- not for conquest.  When we do battle, it
is only because we have no choice.
		-- Kirk, "The Squire of Gothos", stardate 2124.5
Yes, but will I see the EASTER BUNNY in skintight leather at an IRON
MAIDEN concert?
A true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother
drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art.
		-- Shaw
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
I'm encased in the lining of a pure pork sausage!!
It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough, society will
take full responsibility for you.
All your files have been destroyed (sorry).  Paul.
Stress has been pinpointed as a major cause of illness.  To avoid overload
and burnout, keep stress out of your life.  Give it to others instead.  Learn
the "Gaslight" treatment, the "Are you talking to me?" technique, and the
"Do you feel okay?  You look pale." approach.  Start with negotiation and
implication.  Advance to manipulation and humiliation.  Above all, relax
and have a nice day.
Humans do claim a great deal for that particular emotion (love).
		-- Spock, "The Lights of Zetar", stardate 5725.6
What, still alive at twenty-two,
A clean upstanding chap like you?
Sure, if your throat 'tis hard to slit,
Slit your girl's, and swing for it.
Like enough, you won't be glad,
When they come to hang you, lad:
But bacon's not the only thing
That's cured by hanging from a string.
So, when the spilt ink of the night
Spreads o'er the blotting pad of light,
Lads whose job is still to do
Shall whet their knives, and think of you.
		-- Hugh Kingsmill
We are stronger than our skin of flesh and metal, for we carry and share a
spectrum of suns and lands that lends us legends as we craft our immortality
and interweave our destinies of water and air, leaving shadows that gather
color of their own, until they outshine the substance that cast them.
The sheep died in the wool.
Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time.  So long
as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental hooks
into, there is room for lateral movement.  Once this begins, its rate is
a matter of discretion.
		-- Corwin, Prince of Amber
A feed salesman is on his way to a farm.  As he's driving along at forty
m.p.h., he looks out his car window and sees a three-legged chicken running
alongside him, keeping pace with his car.  He is amazed that a chicken is
running at forty m.p.h.  So he speeds up to forty-five, fifty, then sixty
m.p.h.  The chicken keeps right up with him the whole way, then suddenly
takes off and disappears into the distance.
	The man pulls into the farmyard and says to the farmer, "You know,
the strangest thing just happened to me; I was driving along at at least
sixty miles an hour and a chicken passed me like I was standing still!"
	"Yeah," the farmer replies, "that chicken was ours.  You see, there's
me, and there's Ma, and there's our son Billy.  Whenever we had chicken for
dinner, we would all want a drumstick, so we'd have to kill two chickens.
So we decided to try and breed a three-legged chicken so each of us could
have a drumstick."
	"How do they taste?" said the farmer.
	"Don't know," replied the farmer.  "We haven't been able to catch
one yet."
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic.
			It's grad exam time...
COMPUTER SCIENCE
	Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating
system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert
this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system.  Prove that these fixes are
bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the
new system.  (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.)

MATHEMATICS
	If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long
it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the
length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Describe the Universe.  Give three examples.
Q:	How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Two.  One to screw it in and one to observe how the lightbulb
	itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective
	reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a
	maudlin cosmos of nothingness.
New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.
Shit Happens.
Q:	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
A:	One less drunk.
If I had a Q-TIP, I could prevent th' collapse of NEGOTIATIONS!!
The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.
Gravity brings me down.
Disc space -- the final frontier!
Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.
The system will be down for 10 days for preventive maintenance.
I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
		-- John Foreman
My father was a saint, I'm not.
		-- Indira Gandhi
You will soon forget this.
"Speed is subsittute fo accurancy."
Olmstead's Law:
	After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.
		-- R.B. Greenberg [referring to PDPs?]
I don't do it for the money.
		-- Donald Trump, Art of the Deal
Drive defensively.  Buy a tank.
It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
		-- Phil White
I just remembered something about a TOAD!
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
		-- George Herbert
People respond to people who respond.
"Tell the truth and run."
-- Yugoslav proverb
The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Much Ado About Nothing"
Yow!  It's some people inside the wall!  This is better than mopping!
FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #6
What to do...
    if a starship, equipped with an FTL hyperdrive lands in your backyard?
	First of all, do not run after your camera.  You will not have any
	film, and, given the state of computer animation, noone will believe
	you anyway.  Be polite.  Remember, if they have an FTL hyperdrive,
	they can probably vaporize you, should they find you to be rude.
	Direct them to the White House lawn, which is where they probably
	wanted to land, anyway.  A good road map should help.

    if you wake up in the middle of the night, and discover that your
    closet contains an alternate dimension?
	Don't walk in.  You almost certainly will not be able to get back,
	and alternate dimensions are almost never any fun.  Remain calm
	and go back to bed.  Close the door first, so that the cat does not
	wander off.  Check your closet in the morning.  If it still contains
	an alternate dimension, nail it shut.
"Being against torture ought to be sort of a bipartisan thing."
-- Karl Lehenbauer
Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do;
don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you;
don't let nobody tell you what you got to do,
or you'll never know ... what's on the other side of the rainbow...
remember, if you don't follow your dreams,
you'll never know what's on the other side of the rainbow...
		-- melba moore, "the other side of the rainbow"
People in general do not willingly read if they have anything else to
amuse them.
		-- S. Johnson
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether
we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a
pet coon.  This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to
pay the fiddler.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.  The perfect martini is
a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings
of civilization.
		-- T.K.
	In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, "Hi,
Junior, what are you up to?"
	"I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes," said the
rabbit.
	"Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible!  No one
will publish such rubbish!"
	"Well, follow me and I'll show you."
	They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the
rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face.  Comes along a
wolf.  "Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?"
	"I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour
wolves."
	"Are you crazy?  Where's your academic honesty?"
	"Come with me and I'll show you."
	As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face
and a diploma in his paw.  Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave
and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge
lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody
remnants of the wolf and the fox.

	The moral: It's not the contents of your thesis that are
important -- it's your PhD advisor that really counts.
Do you know, I think that Dr. Swift was silly to laugh about Laputa.  I
believe it is a mistake to make a mock of people, just because they think.
There are ninety thousand people in this world who do not think, for every
one who does, and these people hate the thinkers like poison.  Even if some
thinkers are fanciful, it is wrong to make fun of them for it.  Better to
think about cucumbers even, than not to think at all.
		-- T.H. White
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
	"What do you give a man who has everything?" the pretty teenager
asked her mother.
	"Encouragement, dear," she replied.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
		-- Michelangelo
Let me do my TRIBUTE to FISHNET STOCKINGS ...
The horror... the horror!
Reliable source, n.:
	The guy you just met.
Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
	The first bug to hit a clean windshield lands directly in front
	of your eyes.
FORTUNE REMEMBERS THE GREAT MOTHERS: #6

	"Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!"
		-- Mrs. Emily Barstow, June 16, 1954
I've built a better model than the one at Data General
For data bases vegetable, animal, and mineral
My OS handles CPUs with multiplexed duality;
My PL/1 compiler shows impressive functionality.
My storage system's better than magnetic core polarity,
You never have to bother checking out a bit for parity;
There isn't any reason to install non-static floor matting;
My disk drive has capacity for variable formatting.

I feel compelled to mention what I know to be a gloating point:
There's lots of room in memory for variables floating-point,
Which shows for input vegetable, animal, and mineral
I've built a better model than the one at Data General.

		-- Steve Levine, "A Computer Song" (To the tune of
		   "Modern Major General", from "Pirates of Penzance",
		   by Gilbert & Sullivan)
Gee, Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
If you are smart enough to know that you're not smart enough to be an
Engineer, then you're in Business.
Today, THREE WINOS from DETROIT sold me a framed photo of TAB HUNTER
before his MAKEOVER!
Without freedom of choice there is no creativity.
		-- Kirk, "The return of the Archons", stardate 3157.4
"The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in bed with a dead 
girl or a live boy."
-- Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards
I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Between the idea
And the reality
Between the motion
And the act
Falls the Shadow
		-- T.S. Eliot, "The Hollow Man"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system service dispatching.]
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
"Despite its suffix, skepticism is not an "ism" in the sense of a belief
or dogma.  It is simply an approach to the problem of telling what is
counterfeit and what is genuine.  And a recognition of how costly it may
be to fail to do so.  To be a skeptic is to cultivate "street smarts" in
the battle for control of one's own mind, one's own money, one'w own
allegiances.  To be a skeptic, in short, is to refuse to be a victim.
-- Robert S. DeBear, "An Agenda for Reason, Realism, and Responsibility,"
 New York Skeptic (newsletter of the New York Area Skeptics, Inc.), Spring 1988
If I could read your mind, love,
What a tale your thoughts could tell,
Just like a paperback novel,
The kind the drugstore sells,
When you reach the part where the heartaches come,
The hero would be me,
Heroes often fail,
You won't read that book again, because
	the ending is just too hard to take.

I walk away, like a movie star,
Who gets burned in a three way script,
Enter number two,
A movie queen to play the scene
Of bringing all the good things out in me,
But for now, love, let's be real
I never thought I could act this way,
And I've got to say that I just don't get it,
I don't know where we went wrong but the feeling is gone
And I just can't get it back...
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "If You Could Read My Mind"
Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.
Fatal Error: Found [MS-Windows] System -> Repartitioning Disk for Linux...
(By cbbrown@io.org, Christopher Browne)
When among apes, one must play the ape.
=============== ALL FRESHMEN PLEASE NOTE ===============

To minimize scheduling confusion, please realize that if you are taking one
course which is offered at only one time on a given day, and another which is
offered at all times on that day, the second class will be arranged as to 
afford maximum inconvenience to the student.  For example, if you happen
to work on campus, you will have 1-2 hours between classes.  If you commute,
there will be a minimum of 6 hours between the two classes.
We the Users, in order to form a more perfect system, establish priorities,
ensure connective tranquility, provide for common repairs, promote preventive
maintenance, and secure the blessings of liberty for ourselves and our
processes, do ordain and establish this Software of The Unixed States
of America.
I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone
has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
		-- Professor Lowd, English, Ohio University
Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the Presidency.
		-- Richard Nixon
We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
The power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of
the Force.
- Darth Vader
All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.
No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon lectures which are
really worth the attending.
		-- Adam Smith, "The Wealth of Nations"
Price's Advice:
	It's all a game -- play it to have fun.
It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more
doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of
a new system.  For the initiator has the emnity of all who would profit
by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders
in those who would gain by the new ones.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, 1513
squatcho, n.:
	The button at the top of a baseball cap.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
Don't quit now, we might just as well lock the door and throw away the key.
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
		-- Saint Exupery
To see a need and wait to be asked, is to already refuse.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
		-- W. C. Fields
Real Users know your home telephone number.
In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.
"I distrust a close-mouthed man.  He generally picks the wrong time to talk 
and says the wrong things.  Talking's something you can't do judiciously, 
unless you keep in practice.  Now, sir, we'll talk if you like.	I'll tell 
you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk."
-- Sidney Greenstreet, _The Maltese Falcon_
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Nobody can be exactly like me.  Sometimes even I have trouble doing it.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead
O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.
"I'm not afraid of dying, I just don't want to be there when it happens."
-- Woody Allen
Dear Emily, what about test messages?
		-- Concerned

Dear Concerned:
	It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.  Never test
merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.  Also put "please
ignore" on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips
a message with a line like that.  Don't use a subject like "My sex is female
but I demand to be addressed as male." because such articles are read in depth
by all USEnauts.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
		-- Frank Moore Colby
Take a lesson from the whale; the only time he gets speared is when he
raises to spout.
"Despite its suffix, skepticism is not an "ism" in the sense of a belief
or dogma.  It is simply an approach to the problem of telling what is
counterfeit and what is genuine.  And a recognition of how costly it may
be to fail to do so.  To be a skeptic is to cultivate "street smarts" in
the battle for control of one's own mind, one's own money, one'w own
allegiances.  To be a skeptic, in short, is to refuse to be a victim.
-- Robert S. DeBear, "An Agenda for Reason, Realism, and Responsibility,"
 New York Skeptic (newsletter of the New York Area Skeptics, Inc.), Spring 1988
The characteristic property of hallucinogens, to suspend the boundaries between
the experiencing self and the outer world in an ecstatic, emotional experience,
makes it posible with their help, and after suitable internal and external
perparation...to evoke a mystical experience according to plan, so to speak...
I see the true importance of LSD in the possibility of providing materail aid 
to meditation aimed at the mystical experience of a deeper, comprehensive
reality.  Such a use accords entirely with the essence and working character
of LSD as a sacred drug.
- Dr. Albert Hoffman, the discoverer of LSD
You mean now I can SHOOT YOU in the back and further BLUR th'
distinction between FANTASY and REALITY?
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
		-- George Ade, "Forty Modern Fables"
A pretty woman can do anything; an ugly woman must do everything.
poisoned coffee, n.:
	Grounds for divorce.
Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please reauthorize.
Elegance and truth are inversely related.
		-- Becker's Razor
default, n.:
	[Possibly from Black English "De fault wid dis system is you,
	mon."] The vain attempt to avoid errors by inactivity.  "Nothing will
	come of nothing: speak again." -- King Lear.
		-- Stan Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

It is a rule of evidence deduced from the experience of mankind and
supported by reason and authority that positive testimony is entitled to
more weight than negative testimony, but by the latter term is meant
negative testimony in its true sense and not positive evidence of a
negative, because testimony in support of a negative may be as positive
as that in support of an affirmative.
		-- 254 Pac. Rep. 472.
Never try to explain computers to a layman.  It's easier to explain
sex to a virgin.
	-- Robert Heinlein

(Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.)
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
		-- Minna Antrim, "Naked Truth and Veiled Allusions"
Visit beautiful Wisconsin Dells.
The three laws of thermodynamics:
	(1) You can't get anything without working for it.
	(2) The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
	(3) You can only break even at absolute zero.
The Consultant's Curse:
	When the customer has beaten upon you long enough, give him
	what he asks for, instead of what he needs.  This is very strong
	medicine, and is normally only required once.
To our sweethearts and wives.  May they never meet.
		-- 19th century toast
gossip, n.:
	Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
		-- Earl Wilson
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a
mountain top.
Johnny Carson's Definition:
	The smallest interval of time known to man is that which occurs
	in Manhattan between the traffic signal turning green and the
	taxi driver behind you blowing his horn.
I have never been one to sacrifice my appetite on the altar of appearance.
		-- A.M. Readyhough
Never leave anything to chance; make sure all your crimes are premeditated.
After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
		-- Jean Giraudoux
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp
History has much to say on following the proper procedures.  From a history
of the Mexican revolution:
	"Hidalgo was later defeated at Guadalajara.  The rebel army was
captured on its way through the mountains.  All were courtmartialed and
shot, except Hidalgo, because he was a priest.  He was handed over to
the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the
army where he was then executed."
Jim Nasium's Law:
	In a large locker room with hundreds of lockers, the few people
	using the facility at any one time will all have lockers next to
	each other so that everybody is cramped.
Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts
to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
		-- Albert Einstein
Dibble's First Law of Sociology:
	Some do, some don't.
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
The Great Movie Posters:

The Miracle of the Age!!!  A LION in your lap!  A LOVER in your arms!
		-- Bwana Devil (1952)

OVERWHELMING!  ELECTRIFYING!  BAFFLING!
Fire Can't Burn Them!  Bullets Can't Kill Them!  See the Unfolding of
the Mysteries of the Moon as Murderous Robot Monsters Descend Upon the
Earth!  You've Never Seen Anything Like It!  Neither Has the World!
	SEE... Robots from Space in All Their Glory!!!
		-- Robot Monster (1953)

1,965 pyramids, 5,337 dancing girls, one million swaying bullrushes,
802 scared bulls!
		-- The Egyptian (1954)
Live free or die.
Women are always anxious to urge bachelors to matrimony; is it from charity,
or revenge?
		-- Gustave Vapereau
"If I ever get around to writing that language depompisifier, it will change
almost all occurences of the word "paradigm" into "example" or "model."
-- Herbie Blashtfalt
The countdown had stalled at 'T' minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first
female ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick,
rubbery lips unmistakably -- the first of many such advances during what
would prove to be the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my
career.
		-- Winning sentence, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Main's Law:
	For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
		-- Baba Ram Dass
genius, n.:
	Person clever enough to be born in the right place at the right
	time of the right sex and to follow up this advantage by saying
	all the right things to all the right people.
The last person that quit or was fired will be held responsible for
everything that goes wrong -- until the next person quits or is fired.
I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
		-- H.L. Mencken
Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi): Mr Gandhi, what do you think of Western
	Civilization?
Gandhi:	I think it would be a good idea.
That's no moon...
		-- Obi-wan Kenobi
Copying machine, n.:
	A device that shreds paper, flashes mysteriously coded messages,
	and makes duplicates for everyone in the office who isn't
	interested in reading them.
If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.
Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee.
		-- Snoopy
One promising concept that I came up with right away was that you could
manufacture personal air bags, then get a law passed requiring that they be
installed on congressmen to keep them from taking trips.  Let's say your
congressman was trying to travel to Paris to do a fact-finding study on how
the French government handles diseases transmitted by sherbet.  Just when he
got to the plane, his mandatory air bag, strapped around his waist, would
inflate -- FWWAAAAAAPPPP -- thus rendering him too large to fit through the
plane door.  It could also be rigged to inflate whenever the congressman
proposed a law.  ("Mr. Speaker, people ask me, why should October be
designated as Cuticle Inspection Month?  And I answer that FWWAAAAAAPPPP.")
This would save millions of dollars, so I have no doubt that the public
would violently support a law requiring airbags on congressmen.  The problem
is that your potential market is very small: there are only around 500
members of Congress, and some of them, such as House Speaker "Tip" O'Neil,
are already too large to fit on normal aircraft.
		-- Dave Barry, "'Mister Mediocre' Restaurants"
A feed salesman is on his way to a farm.  As he's driving along at forty
m.p.h., he looks out his car window and sees a three-legged chicken running
alongside him, keeping pace with his car.  He is amazed that a chicken is
running at forty m.p.h.  So he speeds up to forty-five, fifty, then sixty
m.p.h.  The chicken keeps right up with him the whole way, then suddenly
takes off and disappears into the distance.
	The man pulls into the farmyard and says to the farmer, "You know,
the strangest thing just happened to me; I was driving along at at least
sixty miles an hour and a chicken passed me like I was standing still!"
	"Yeah," the farmer replies, "that chicken was ours.  You see, there's
me, and there's Ma, and there's our son Billy.  Whenever we had chicken for
dinner, we would all want a drumstick, so we'd have to kill two chickens.
So we decided to try and breed a three-legged chicken so each of us could
have a drumstick."
	"How do they taste?" said the farmer.
	"Don't know," replied the farmer.  "We haven't been able to catch
one yet."
"I have just one word for you, my boy...plastics."
- from "The Graduate"
If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
The only happiness lies in reason; all the rest of the world is dismal.
The highest reason, however, I see in the work of the artist, and he may
experience it as such.  Happiness lies in the swiftness of feeling and
thinking: all the rest of the world is slow, gradual and stupid.  Whoever
could feel the course of a light ray would be very happy, for it is very
swift.  Thinking of oneself gives little happiness.  If, however, one feels
much happiness in this, it is because at bottom one is not thinking of
oneself but of one's ideal.  This is far, and only the swift shall reach
it and are delighted.
		-- Nietzsche
Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many poor
people.
		-- Don Herold
As I was walking down the street one dark and dreary day,
I came upon a billboard and much to my dismay,
The words were torn and tattered,
From the storm the night before,
The wind and rain had done its work and this is how it goes,

Smoke Coca-Cola cigarettes, chew Wrigleys Spearmint beer,
Ken-L-Ration dog food makes your complexion clear,
Simonize your baby in a Hershey candy bar,
And Texaco's a beauty cream that's used by every star.

Take your next vacation in a brand new Frigedaire,
Learn to play the piano in your winter underwear,
Doctors say that babies should smoke until they're three,
And people over sixty-five should bathe in Lipton tea.
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.  Quit work and play
for once!
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.
My idea of roughing it is when room service is late.
paranoia, n.:
	A healthy understanding of the way the universe works.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"
Each kiss is as the first.
		-- Miramanee, Kirk's wife, "The Paradise Syndrome",
		   stardate 4842.6
If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about
it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
		-- Carlyle
Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning:
	It's on the other side.
Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
	[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
	or
	[May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.]
		-- Aelius Donatus
National security is in your hands - guard it well.
The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an
"airplane-seat" metaphor.  Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers
while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference --
one can see only a very few things at once.
		-- Fred Brooks
I love children.  Especially when they cry -- for then someone takes them away.
		-- Nancy Mitford
"Spare no expense to save money on this one."
		-- Samuel Goldwyn
F.S. Fitzgerald to Hemingway:
	"Ernest, the rich are different from us."
Hemingway:
	"Yes.  They have more money."
All men have the right to wait in line.
What causes the mysterious death of everyone?
"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I 
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must 
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people 
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux
Do people know you have freckles everywhere?
Our business in life is not to succeed but to continue to fail in high spirits.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson
A clever prophet makes sure of the event first.
Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	SPUD ROGERS OF THE 25TH CENTURY: Story of an Air Force potato that's
left in a rarely used chow hall for over two centuries and wakes up in a world
populated by soybean created imitations under the evil Dick Tater.  Thanks to
him, the soy-potatoes learn that being a 'tater is where it's at.  Memorable
line, "'Cause I'm just a stud spud!"

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER SERIES: Crazed potato who was left in a
fryer too long and was charbroiled carelessly returns to wreak havoc on
unsuspecting, would-be teen camp cooks.  Scenes include a girl being stuffed
with chives and Fleischman's Margarine and a boy served up on a side dish
with beets and dressing.  Definitely not for the squeamish, or those on
diets that are driving them crazy.

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER II,III,IV,V,VI: Much, much more of the same.
Except with sour cream.
Bus error -- please leave by the rear door.
Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.
It did not occur to me that my being with two men continuously would
interest anyone or arouse anyone's misgivings. I asked for an invitation
for Heinrich too, as often as it seemed possible, when Paulus and I were
invited to a social gathering. I felt the set of rules others lived by
was irrelevant. My childhood attitude -- every attempt to adjust is
hopeless and you might just as well follow your own attitudes -- must have
carried me.
		-- Hannah Tillich, "From Time to Time"
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Intentions"
If you are smart enough to know that you're not smart enough to be an
Engineer, then you're in Business.
To update Voltaire, "I may kill all msgs from you, but I'll fight for 
your right to post it, and I'll let it reside on my disks". 
-- Doug Thompson (doug@isishq.FIDONET.ORG)
"At least they're ___________EXPERIENCED incompetents"
I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost
Hlade's Law:
	If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person --
	they will find an easier way to do it.
"I'm a mean green mother from outer space"
 -- Audrey II, The Little Shop of Horrors
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
We should have a Vollyballocracy.  We elect a six-pack of presidents.
Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
		-- Dennis Miller
Fatal Error: Found [MS-Windows] System -> Repartitioning Disk for Linux...
(By cbbrown@io.org, Christopher Browne)
"We learn from history that we learn nothing from history."
-- George Bernard Shaw
Lamonte Cranston once hired a new Chinese manservant.  While describing his
duties to the new man, Lamonte pointed to a bowl of candy on the coffee
table and warned him that he was not to take any.  Some days later, the new
manservant was cleaning up, with no one at home, and decided to sample some
of the candy.  Just than, Cranston walked in, spied the manservant at the
candy, and said:
	"Pardon me Choy, is that the Shadow's nugate you chew?"
Every cloud has a silver lining; you should have sold it, and bought titanium.
Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none."
		-- Shakespeare
Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.
If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
		-- Alice Roosevelt Longworth
IBM:
	[International Business Machines Corp.]  Also known as Itty Bitty
	Machines or The Lawyer's Friend.  The dominant force in computer
	marketing, having supplied worldwide some 75% of all known hardware
	and 10% of all software.  To protect itself from the litigious envy
	of less successful organizations, such as the US government, IBM
	employs 68% of all known ex-Attorneys' General.
The beauty of a pun is in the "Oy!" of the beholder.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
Suffocating together ... would create heroic camaraderie.
		-- Khan Noonian Singh, "Space Seed", stardate 3142.8
Place me on a BUFFER counter while you BELITTLE several BELLHOPS in the
Trianon Room!!  Let me one of your SUBSIDIARIES!
The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of
entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and
50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into
the 80's.
		-- Marty Winston
The state law of Pennsylvania prohibits singing in the bathtub.
If I pull this SWITCH I'll be RITA HAYWORTH!!  Or a SCIENTOLOGIST!
We are all worms.  But I do believe I am a glowworm.
		-- Winston Churchill
Sturgeon's Law:
	90% of everything is crud.
Sign my PETITION.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the
victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
		-- Samuel Butler (1835-1902)
QOTD:
	Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
Jim, it's Grace at the bank.  I checked your Christmas Club account.
You don't have five-hundred dollars.  You have fifty.  Sorry, computer foul-up!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Five names that I can hardly stand to hear,
Including yours and mine and one more chimp who isn't here,
I can see the ladies talking how the times is gettin' hard,
And that fearsome excavation on Magnolia boulevard,
Yes, I'm goin' insane,
And I'm laughing at the frozen rain,
Well, I'm so alone, honey when they gonna send me home?
	Bad sneakers and a pina colada my friend,
	Stopping on the avenue by Radio City, with a
	Transistor and a large sum of money to spend...
You fellah, you tearin' up the street,
You wear that white tuxedo, how you gonna beat the heat,
Do you take me for a fool, do you think that I don't see,
That ditch out in the Valley that they're diggin' just for me,
Yes, and goin' insane,
You know I'm laughin' at the frozen rain,
Feel like I'm so alone, honey when they gonna send me home?
(chorus)
		-- Bad Sneakers, "Steely Dan"
Shah, shah!  Ayatollah you so!
Yow!  It's some people inside the wall!  This is better than mopping!
A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
		-- Elbert Hubbard
McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom:
	If an item is advertised as "under $50", you can bet it's not $19.95.
"If there isn't a population problem, why is the government putting cancer in 
the cigarettes?"
-- the elder Steptoe, c. 1970
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Sic transit gloria mundi.
	[So passes away the glory of this world.]
		-- Thomas `a Kempis
For myself, I can only say that I am astonished and somewhat terrified at
the results of this evening's experiments.  Astonished at the wonderful
power you have developed, and terrified at the thought that so much hideous
and bad music may be put on record forever.
		-- Sir Arthur Sullivan, message to Edison, 1888
The chains of marriage are so heavy that it takes two to carry them, and
sometimes three.
		-- Alexandre Dumas
Send some filthy mail.
"The Amiga is the only personal computer where you can run a multitasking 
operating system and get realtime performance, out of the box."
-- Peter da Silva
Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.
I'm having a MID-WEEK CRISIS!
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

We think that we may take judicial notice of the fact that the term "bitch"
may imply some feeling of endearment when applied to a female of the canine
species but that it is seldom, if ever, so used when applied to a female
of the human race. Coming as it did, reasonably close on the heels of two
revolver shots directed at the person of whom it was probably used, we think
it carries every reasonable implication of ill-will toward that person.
		-- Smith v. Moran, 193 N.E. 2d 466.
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which
otherwise require harder thinking.
		-- Jerome Lettvin
The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
		-- John McNulty
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]
The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"
Tallulah Bankhead barged down the Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic
Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine.  You
need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion
picture star.  If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use
the word "collectible" as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified
success.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
You have a message from the operator.
A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).
Humor in the Court:
Q: So, after the anesthesia, when you came out of it, what did you observe
   with respect to your scalp?
A: I didn't see my scalp the whole time I was in the hospital.
Q: It was covered?
A: Yes, bandaged.
Q: Then, later on.. what did you see?
A: I had a skin graft. My whole buttocks and leg were removed and put on top
   of my head.
It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
I have travelled the length and breadth of this country, and have talked with
the best people in business administration.  I can assure you on the highest
authority that data processing is a fad and won't last out the year.
		-- Editor in charge of business books at Prentice-Hall
		   publishers, responding to Karl V. Karlstrom (a junior 
		   editor who had recommended a manuscript on the new 
		   science of data processing), c. 1957
Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.
	Hardware met Software on the road to Changtse.  Software said: "You
are the Yin and I am the Yang.  If we travel together we will become famous
and earn vast sums of money."  And so the pair set forth together, thinking
to conquer the world.
	Presently, they met Firmware, who was dressed in tattered rags, and
hobbled along propped on a thorny stick.  Firmware said to them: "The Tao
lies beyond Yin and Yang.  It is silent and still as a pool of water.  It does
not seek fame, therefore nobody knows its presence.  It does not seeks fortune,
for it is complete within itself.  It exists beyond space and time."
	Software and Hardware, ashamed, returned to their homes.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Potahto' Pictures Productions Presents:

	SPUD ROGERS OF THE 25TH CENTURY: Story of an Air Force potato that's
left in a rarely used chow hall for over two centuries and wakes up in a world
populated by soybean created imitations under the evil Dick Tater.  Thanks to
him, the soy-potatoes learn that being a 'tater is where it's at.  Memorable
line, "'Cause I'm just a stud spud!"

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER SERIES: Crazed potato who was left in a
fryer too long and was charbroiled carelessly returns to wreak havoc on
unsuspecting, would-be teen camp cooks.  Scenes include a girl being stuffed
with chives and Fleischman's Margarine and a boy served up on a side dish
with beets and dressing.  Definitely not for the squeamish, or those on
diets that are driving them crazy.

	FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER II,III,IV,V,VI: Much, much more of the same.
Except with sour cream.
Do you think your mother and I should have lived comfortably so long
together if ever we had been married?
A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and
exceptional ability in that particular field."
... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and legally ... 
impeccable!
If you want to get rich from writing, write the sort of thing that's
read by persons who move their lips when the're reading to themselves.
		-- Don Marquis
	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Description:
	Gangly and frail, the hacker has a high forehead and thinning hair.
	Head disproportionately large and crooked forward, complexion wan and
	sightly gray from CRT illumination.  He has heavy black-rimmed glasses
	and a look of intense concentration, which may be due to a software
	problem or to a pork-and-bean breakfast.
Feathering:
	HOMO COMPUTATIS saw a Brylcreem ad fifteen years ago and believed it.
	Consequently, crest is greased down, except for the cowlick.
Song:
	A rather plaintive "Is it up?"
I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all 
these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these 
kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and
I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been
avoiding the beach.
		-- Lucinda Childs "Einstein On The Beach"
The two things that can get you into trouble quicker than anything else
are fast women and slow horses.
When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
		-- S. Johnson
Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven;
confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
		-- Josh Billings
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz
Klatu barada nikto.
One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
A mad meta-poet,
With nothing to say,
Wrote a mad meta-poem
That started: "One day,
[...]
sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Were the words that the poet,
Finally chose,
To bring his mad poem,
To some sort of close".
Most people have two reasons for doing anything -- a good reason, and
the real reason.
Reach into the thoughts of friends,
And find they do not know your name.
Squeeze the teddy bear too tight,
And watch the feathers burst the seams.
Touch the stained glass with your cheek,
And feel its chill upon your blood.
Hold a candle to the night,
And see the darkness bend the flame.
Tear the mask of peace from God,
And hear the roar of souls in hell.
Pluck a rose in name of love,
And watch the petals curl and wilt.
Lean upon the western wind,
And know you are alone.
		-- Dru Mims
Our problems are so serious that the best way to talk about them is
lightheartedly.
Gibson's Springtime Song (to the tune of "Deck the Halls"):

'Tis the season to chase mousies (Fa la la la la, la la la la)
Snatch them from their little housies (...)
First we chase them 'round the field (...)
Then we have them for a meal (...)

Toss them here and catch them there (...)
See them flying through the air (...)
Watch them fly and hear them squeal (...)
Falling mice have great appeal (...)

See the hunter stretched before us (...)
He's chased the mice in field and forest (...)
Watch him clean his long white whiskers (...)
Of the blood of little critters (...)
The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.
There is brutality and there is honesty.  There is no such thing as brutal
honesty.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire.  In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.  As love
grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning
and unquenchable.
		-- Bruce Lee
A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
		-- B. Franklin
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree on.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte, "Maxims"
I've got an IDEA!!  Why don't I STARE at you so HARD, you forget your
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER!!
How beautiful, how entrancing you are, my loved one, daughter of delights!
You are stately as a palm-tree, and your breasts are the clusters of dates.
I said, "I will climb up into the palm to grasp its fronds."  May I find your
breast like clusters of grapes on the vine, the scent of your breath like
apricots, and your whispers like spiced wine flowing smoothly to welcome my
caresses, gliding down through lips and teeth.
[Song of Solomon 7:6-9 (NEB)]
Bloom's Seventh Law of Litigation:
	The judge's jokes are always funny.
It's been a business doing pleasure with you.
They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when
not actually threatened.  How very nice for authority.  I decided not to
learn this particular lesson.
		-- Richard Stallman
Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
"My sense of purpose is gone! I have no idea who I AM!"
    "Oh, my God... You've.. You've turned him into a DEMOCRAT!"
-- Doonesbury
(null cookie; hope that's ok)
Love is in the offing.
		-- The Homicidal Maniac
Iles's Law:
	There is always an easier way to do it.  When looking directly
	at the easy way, especially for long periods, you will not see it.
	Neither will Iles.
The water was not fit to drink.  To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey.
By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
		-- Winston Churchill
The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.
Who are you?
One man's Mede is another man's Persian.
		-- George M. Cohan
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.  If any of us had been
born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken
out and shot.
		-- Strange de Jim
Please stand for the National Anthem:

	O Canada
	Our home and native land
	True patriot love
	In all thy sons' command
	With glowing hearts we see thee rise
	The true north strong and free
	From far and wide, O Canada
	We stand on guard for thee
	God keep our land glorious and free
	O Canada we stand on guard for thee
	O Canada we stand on guard for thee

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.
What's done to children, they will do to society.
Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.
#define BITCOUNT(x)	(((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255)
#define  BX_(x)		((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777)			\
			     - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333)			\
			     - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))

		-- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word
Take a lesson from the whale; the only time he gets speared is when he
raises to spout.
"Is this foreplay?"
   "No, this is Nuke Strike.  Foreplay has lousy graphics.  Beat me again."
-- Duckert, in "Bad Rubber," Albedo #0 (comics)
Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
		-- Ogden Nash
What hath Bob wrought?
Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
You met another, and *PPHHHLLLBBBBTTT*, you wuz gone.

Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
		-- Hee Haw
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
"I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in `Y.'"
I've finally learned what "upward compatible" means.  It means we get to
keep all our old mistakes.
		-- Dennie van Tassel
No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that he will not become a
nuisance after three days.
		-- Titus Maccius Plautus
Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen
Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.
	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on
the subject of towels.
	Most importantly, a towel has immense psychological value.  For
some reason, if a non-hitchhiker discovers that a hitchhiker has his towel
with him, he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a
toothbrush, washcloth, flask, gnat spray, space suit, etc., etc.  Furthermore,
the non-hitchhiker will then happily lend the hitchhiker any of these or
a dozen other items that he may have "lost".  After all, any man who can
hitch the length and breadth of the Galaxy, struggle against terrible odds,
win through and still know where his towel is, is clearly a man to be
reckoned with.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
My pen is at the bottom of a page,
Which, being finished, here the story ends;
'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done,
But stories somehow lengthen when begun.
		-- Byron
Where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?
Onward through the fog.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
		-- Robert Millikan, Nobel Prize in Physics, 1923
Virtue is not left to stand alone.  He who practices it will have neighbors.
		-- Confucius
Chicken Little was right.
Thrashing is just virtual crashing.
What with chromodynamics and electroweak too
Our Standardized Model should please even you,
Tho' once you did say that of charm there was none
It took courage to switch as to say Earth moves not Sun.
Yet your state of the union penultimate large
Is the last known haunt of the Fractional Charge,
And as you surf in the hot tub with sourdough roll
Please ponder the passing of your sole Monopole.
Your Olympics were fun, you should bring them all back
For transsexual tennis or Anamalon Track,
But Hollywood movies remain sinfully crude
Whether seen on the telly or Remotely Viewed.
Now fasten your sunbelts, for you've done it once more,
You said it in Leipzig of the thing we adore,
That you've built an incredible crystalline sphere
Whose German attendants spread trembling and fear
Of the death of our theory by Particle Zeta
Which I'll bet is not there say your article, later.
		-- Sheldon Glashow, Physics Today, December, 1984
Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine
Love is a grave mental disease.
		-- Plato
It is through symbols that man consciously or unconsciously lives, works
and has his being.
		-- Thomas Carlyle
Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by
no means the only 'certain' standard.  If you mistake what is relative for
something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
		-- Chuang Tzu
"The lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance.
 He of all men should behave as though the law compelled him.
 But it is the universal weakness of mankind that what we are
 given to administer we presently imagine we own."
-- H.G. Wells
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an
open doorway with an open mind.
		-- E.B. White
drug, n:
	A substance that, injected into a rat, produces a scientific paper.
All heiresses are beautiful.
		-- John Dryden
"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and
finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us.  "He is full of
murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by
their ignorance the hard way."
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, "Cat's Cradle"
Knebel's Law:
	It is now proved beyond doubt that smoking is one of the leading
	causes of statistics.
Has anyone realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is to
defuse project tensions?  When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a
non-cynical, or even an informative cookie?
	Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions.  This
still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or only
serves to blunt the warning signs.

	Long live the revolution!
	Have a nice day.
I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.
If you have received a letter inviting you to speak at the dedication of a
new cat hospital, and you hate cats, your reply, declining the invitation,
does not necessarily have to cover the full range of your emotions.  You must
make it clear that you will not attend, but you do not have to let fly at cats.
The writer of the letter asked a civil question; attack cats, then, only if
you can do so with good humor, good taste, and in such a way that your answer
will be courteous as well as responsive.  Since you are out of sympathy with
cats, you may quite properly give this as a reason for not appearing at the
dedication ceremonies of a cat hospital.  But bear in mind that your opinion
of cats was not sought, only your services as a speaker.  Try to keep things
straight.
		-- Strunk and White, "The Elements of Style"
		What I Did During My Fall Semester
On the first day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the second day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the third day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
I found a thesis topic:
	How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
		-- Sister Mary Elephant, "Student Statement for Black Friday"
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
Death didn't answer.  He was looking at Spold in the same way as a dog looks
at a bone, only in this case things were more or less the other way around.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Colour of Magic"
There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from
the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; someone loaded Star
Trek 3.2 into our video processor.
Man is an animal that makes bargains: no other animal does this--
no dog exchanges bones with another.
		-- Adam Smith
The sum of the intelligence of the world is constant.  The population is,
of course, growing.
Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't
have an established user base.
"Nuclear war would mean abolition of most comforts, and disruption of 
normal routines, for children and adults alike."
		-- Willard F. Libby, "You *Can* Survive Atomic Attack"
Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.
Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy
of him that brought her birth.
		-- Milton
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
Once upon a time there was a DOS user who saw Unix, and saw that it was
good. After typing cp on his DOS machine at home, he downloaded GNU's
unix tools ported to DOS and installed them. He rm'd, cp'd, and mv'd
happily for many days, and upon finding elvis, he vi'd and was happy. After
a long day at work (on a Unix box) he came home, started editing a file,
and couldn't figure out why he couldn't suspend vi (w/ ctrl-z) to do
a compile.
(By ewt@tipper.oit.unc.edu (Erik Troan)
In this world there are only two tragedies.  One is not getting what one
wants, and the other is getting it.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Stay together, drag each other down.
Eighty percent of married men cheat in America.  The rest cheat in Europe.
		-- Jackie Mason
He probably just wants to take over my CELLS and then EXPLODE inside me
like a BARREL of runny CHOPPED LIVER!  Or maybe he'd like to
PSYCHOLIGICALLY TERRORISE ME until I have no objection to a RIGHT-WING
MILITARY TAKEOVER of my apartment!!  I guess I should call AL PACINO!
When asked the definition of "pi":
The Mathematician:
	Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the
	circumference of a circle and its diameter.
The Physicist:
	Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005.
The Engineer:
	Pi is about 3.
I know the answer!  The answer lies within the heart of all mankind!
The answer is twelve?  I think I'm in the wrong building.
		-- Charles Schulz
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
		-- Henry J. Kaiser
Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
		-- David Nichols
Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed in small amounts over a long
period of time.
		-- George Carlin
Lots of girls can be had for a song.  Unfortunately, it often turns out to
be the wedding march.
The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them,
but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
		-- G.B. Shaw
After Goliath's defeat, giants ceased to command respect.
- Freeman Dyson
"If I do not want others to quote me, I do not speak."  
-- Phil Wayne
QOTD:
	"My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"
Don't abandon hope.  Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Decision maker, n.:
	The person in your office who was unable to form a task force
	before the music stopped.
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
HELP!!!! I'm being held prisoner in /usr/games/lib!
It is the business of little minds to shrink.
		-- Carl Sandburg
Too much of everything is just enough.
		-- Bob Wier
Nobody takes a bribe.  Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out
your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's
different.
		-- New York City Police Commissioner (Ret.) William P.
		   O'Brien, instructions to the force.
Most people have two reasons for doing anything -- a good reason, and
the real reason.
While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things,
The fate of empires and the fall of kings;
While quacks of State must each produce his plan,
And even children lisp the Rights of Man;
Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention,
The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
		-- Robert Burns, Address on "The Rights of Woman", 26/10 1792
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
		-- Lazarus Long
Interchangeable parts won't.
Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are busy about
can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
		-- Lao Tsu
"'Tis true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis 'tis true."
-- Poloniouius, in Willie the Shake's _Hamlet, Prince of Darkness_

If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
Television -- the longest amateur night in history.
		-- Robert Carson
Beauty, n.:
	The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Love is being stupid together.
		-- Paul Valery
You are going to have a new love affair.
	"Verily and forsooth," replied Goodgulf darkly.  "In the past year
strange and fearful wonders I have seen.  Fields sown with barley reap
crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.  Calendars are made with
a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance
salesmen.  The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in
square knots.  The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down
soggy potato chips."
	"But what do all these things mean?" gasped Frito.
	"Beats me," said Goodgulf with a shrug, "but I thought it made good
copy."
		-- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"
	"I have examined Bogota," he said, "and the case is clearer to me.
I think very probably he might be cured."
	"That is what I have always hoped," said old Yacob.
	"His brain is affected," said the blind doctor.
	The elders murmured assent.
	"Now, what affects it?"
	"Ah!" said old Yacob.
	"This," said the doctor, answering his own question.  "Those queer
things that are called the eyes, and which exist to make an agreeable soft
depression in the face, are diseased, in the case of Bogota, in such a way
as to affect his brain.  They are greatly distended, he has eyelashes, and
his eyelids move, and cosequently his brain is in a state of constant
irritation and distraction."
	"Yes?" said old Yacob.  "Yes?"
	"And I think I may say with reasonable certainty that, in order
to cure him completely, all that we need do is a simple and easy surgical
operation -- namely, to remove those irritant bodies."
	"And then he will be sane?"
	"Then he will be perfectly sane, and a quite admirable citizen."
	"Thank heaven for science!" said old Yacob.
		-- H.G. Wells, "The Country of the Blind"
The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
		-- B. Franklin
Metermaids eat their young.
"The pyramid is opening!"
   "Which one?"
"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
-- The Firesign Theatre
TRANSACTION CANCELLED - FARECARD RETURNED
Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...
Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
		-- Lord Kelvin, President, Royal Society, c. 1895
"Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it." -- Alex Schure
One organism, one vote.
...At that time [the 1960s], Bell Laboratories scientists projected that
computer speeds as high as 30 million floating-point calculations per
second (megaflops) would be needed for the Army's ballistic missile
defense system.  Many computer experts -- including a National Academy
of Sciences panel -- said achieving such speeds, even using multiple
processors, was impossible.  Today, new generation supercomputers operate
at billions of operations per second (gigaflops).
-- Aviation Week & Space Technology, May 9, 1988, "Washington Roundup", pg 13
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being
that a belch is more satisfying.
		-- Ingmar Bergman
You know you've landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi.
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
		-- Steven Wright
Riches:  A gift from Heaven signifying, "This is my beloved son, in whom I
am well pleased."
-- John D. Rockefeller, (slander by Ambrose Bierce)
It's multiple choice time...

	What is FORTRAN?

	a: Between thre and fiv tran.
	b: What two computers engage in before they interface.
	c: Ridiculous.
I BET WHEN NEANDERTHAL KIDS would make a snowman, someone would always
end up saying, "Don't forget the thick heavy brows."  Then they would get
embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and
they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
If you lose a son you can always get another, but there's only one
Maltese Falcon.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"
In America today ... we have Woody Allen, whose humor has become so
sophisticated that nobody gets it any more except Mia Farrow.  All those who
think Mia Farrow should go back to making movies where the devil gets her
pregnant and Woody Allen should go back to dressing up as a human sperm,
please raise your hands.  Thank you.
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is
not worth knowing.
Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.  Their tastes
may not be the same.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
We don't understand the software, and sometimes we don't understand the
hardware, but we can *___see* the blinking lights!
No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of
the beholder.
		-- Dr. Laurence J. Peter
My father was a God-fearing man, but he never missed a copy of the
New York Times, either.
		-- E.B. White
What fools these morals be!
Burbulation:
	The obsessive act of opening and closing a refrigerator door in
	an attempt to catch it before the automatic light comes on.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Absence makes the heart grow frantic.
Microbiology Lab:  Staph Only!
Education and religion are two things not regulated by supply and
demand.  The less of either the people have, the less they want.
		-- Charlotte Observer, 1897
All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by
the government in less than a second.
		-- Jim Fiebig
Conference, n.:
	A special meeting in which the boss gathers subordinates to hear
	what they have to say, so long as it doesn't conflict with what
	he's already decided to do.
"To your left is the marina where several senior cabinet officials keep luxury 
yachts for weekend cruises on the Potomac.  Some of these ships are up to 100 
feet in length; the Presidential yacht is over 200 feet in length, and can 
remain submerged for up to 3 weeks."
-- Garrison Keillor
There's nothing like a girl with a plunging neckline to keep a man on his toes.
If the English language made any sense, lackadaisical would have something
to do with a shortage of flowers.
		-- Doug Larson

	[Not to mention, butterfly would be flutterby. Ed.]
Q:	What is green and lives in the ocean?
A:	Moby Pickle.
Q:	How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Fifteen.  One to do it, and fourteen to write document number
	GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility,
	of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally
	left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:.....
	consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute --
where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishoners for whom
to vote--where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference--and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or the
people who might elect him.
- from John F. Kennedy's address to the Greater Houston Ministerial Association
  September 12, 1960.
Q:	How do you stop an elephant from charging?
A:	Take away his credit cards.
A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
		-- B. Franklin
There are certain things men must do to remain men.
		-- Kirk, "The Ultimate Computer", stardate 4929.4
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it does run over,
Tonight we will all merry be -- tomorrow we'll get sober.
		-- John Fletcher, "The Bloody Brother", II, 2
A true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother
drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art.
		-- Shaw
Send your questions to ``ASK ZIPPY'', Box 40474, San Francisco, CA
94140, USA
Faster, faster, you fool, you fool!
		-- Bill Cosby
Rule #1:
	The Boss is always right.

Rule #2:
	If the Boss is wrong, see Rule #1.
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing.
		-- Bertrand Russell
But scientists, who ought to know
Assure us that it must be so.
Oh, let us never, never doubt
What nobody is sure about.
		-- Hilaire Belloc
Time and tide wait for no man.
A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it
is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.
Some people have a great ambition: to build something
that will last, at least until they've finished building it.
The Official MBA Handbook on business cards:
	Avoid overly pretentious job titles such as "Lord of the Realm,
	Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India" or "Director of Corporate
	Planning."
Many are called, few are chosen.  Fewer still get to do the choosing.
quark:
	The sound made by a well bred duck.
One of the saddest lessons of history is this:  If we've been bamboozled
long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle.  We're no
longer interested in finding out the truth.  The bamboozle has captured
us.  it is simply too painful to acknowledge -- even to ourselves -- that
we've been so credulous.  (So the old bamboozles tend to persist as the
new bamboozles rise.)
-- Carl Sagan, "The Fine Art of Baloney Detection," Parade, February 1, 1987
If you would understand your own age, read the works of fiction produced
in it.  People in disguise speak freely.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident.
Lots of girls can be had for a song.  Unfortunately, it often turns out to
be the wedding march.
	"Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing
what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt
somebody else. He even told you he'd be hurt if..."
	"He was going to suck my blood!"
	"Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt
if they don't live our way."
...
	"The thing that puzzles you," he said, "is an accepted saying that
happens to be impossible.  The phrase is hurt somebody else.  We choose,
ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what.  Us who decides.
Nobody else.  My vampire told you he'd be hurt if you didn't let him?  That's
his decision to be hurt, that's his choice.  What you do about it is your
decision, your choice: give him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake
through his heart.  If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist,
in whatever way he wants.  It goes on and on, choices, choices."
	"When you look at it that way..."
	"Listen," he said, "it's important.  We are all.  Free.  To do.
Whatever.  We want.  To do."
		-- Richard Bach, "Illusions"
To err is human, to moo bovine.
Football combines the two worst features of American life.
It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
		-- George F. Will, "Men At Work:  The Craft of Baseball"
	By the middle 1880's, practically all the roads except those in
the South, were of the present standard gauge.  The southern roads were
still five feet between rails.
	It was decided to change the gauge of all southern roads to standard,
in one day.  This remarkable piece of work was carried out on a Sunday in May
of 1886.  For weeks beforehand, shops had been busy pressing wheels in on the
axles to the new and narrower gauge, to have a supply of rolling stock which
could run on the new track as soon as it was ready.  Finally, on the day set,
great numbers of gangs of track layers went to work at dawn.  Everywhere one
rail was loosened, moved in three and one-half inches, and spiked down in its
new position.  By dark, trains from anywhere in the United States could operate
over the tracks in the South, and a free interchange of freight cars everywhere
was possible.
		-- Robert Henry, "Trains", 1957
... "fire" does not matter, "earth" and "air" and "water" do not matter.
"I" do not matter.  No word matters.  But man forgets reality and remembers
words.  The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him.
He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see
them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time.
Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he
knows them in the naming.
		-- Roger Zelazny, "Lord of Light"
Virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Denniston

Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Aneurin Bevan
"Sometimes insanity is the only alternative"
-- button at a Science Fiction convention.
Ma Bell is a mean mother!
Now I lay me down to study,
I pray the Lord I won't go nutty.
And if I fail to learn this junk,
I pray the Lord that I won't flunk.
But if I do, don't pity me at all,
Just lay my bones in the study hall.
Tell my teacher I've done my best,
Then pile my books upon my chest.
"Boy, life takes a long time to live."
		-- Steven Wright
Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.
Snoopy: No problem is so big that it can't be run away from.
Long life is in store for you.
"Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit!"
-- Looney Tunes, "What's Opera Doc?" (1957, Chuck Jones)
Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
		-- Yogi Berra
The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.
A company is known by the men it keeps.
You canna change the laws of physics, Captain; I've got to have thirty minutes!
Women complain about sex more than men.  Their gripes fall into two
categories: (1) Not enough and (2) Too much.
		-- Ann Landers
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
A committee takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts and dies, scattering the
seed from which other committees will bloom.
		-- Parkinson
"There is no distinctly American criminal class except Congress."
-- Mark Twain
"How many teamsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?"
   "FIFTEEN!!  YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH THAT?"
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #12

O.E.D.:				David Lean, 1969, 3 hours 30 min.

	Lean's version of the Oxford Dictionary has been accused of
	shallowness in its treatment of a complete work.  Omar Sharif
	tends to overact as aardvark, but Alec Guiness is solid in
	the role of abbacy.  As usual, the photography is stunning.
	With Julie Christie.
Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
		-- Fred Allen
Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions,
wins few friends, Germans excepted.
		-- Darwin Porter "Scandinavia On $50 A Day"
If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.  If you are real
good, you will get out of it.
Magnet, n.:
	Something acted upon by magnetism.

Magnetism, n.:
	Something acting upon a magnet.

The two definition immediately foregoing are condensed from the works of
one thousand eminent scientists, who have illuminated the subject with
a great white light, to the inexpressible advancement of human knowledge.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
		-- Josh Billings
The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.
No, his mind is not for rent
To any god or government.
Always hopeful, yet discontent,
He knows changes aren't permanent -
But change is.
I don't understand the HUMOUR of the THREE STOOGES!!
"I shall expect a chemical cure for psychopathic behavior by 10 A.M. tomorrow,
or I'll have your guts for spaghetti."
-- a comic panel by Cotham 
Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies.  Women's magazines
also often feature pictures of naked ladies.  This is because the female
body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and
should not be seen by the light of day.
		-- Richard Roeper, "Men and Women Are Different"
Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein
The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the dead on the beach.
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
If God is One, what is bad?
		-- Charles Manson
>Ever heard of .cshrc?
That's a city in Bosnia.  Right?
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands.)
According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold,
and according to convention, there is an order.  In truth, there are atoms
and a void.
		-- Democritus, 400 B.C.
Yield to Temptation ... it may not pass your way again.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
Knock, knock!
	Who's there?
Sam and Janet.
	Sam and Janet who?
Sam and Janet Evening...
Large increases in cost with questionable increases in performance can
be tolerated only in race horses and women.
		-- Lord Kalvin
"Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with 
the ideal never goes unpunished."
-- Goethe
"I have recently been examining all the known superstitions of the world,
 and do not find in our particular superstition (Christianity) one redeeming
 feature.  They are all alike founded on fables and mythology."
-- Thomas Jefferson
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three
persons, two of them absent.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
So little time, so little to do.
		-- Oscar Levant
There is no delight the equal of dread.  As long as it is somebody else's.
		--Clive Barker
Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
		-- Harry Secombe's diet
Hey, diddle, diddle the overflow pdl
To get a little more stack;
If that's not enough then you lose it all
And have to pop all the way back.
	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
Bridge ahead.  Pay troll.
Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
		-- Erma Bombeck
There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the tools
to attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not abuse it.
So it is written in the genetic cards -- only physics and war hold him in
check.  And also the wife who wants him home by five, of course.
		-- Encyclopadia Apocryphia, 1990 ed.
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the
beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get
out, and such as are out wish to get in?
		-- Ralph Emerson
Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away,
Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play,
Either light up or leave me alone.
What good is a ticket to the good life, if you can't find the entrance?
Dawn, n.:
	The time when men of reason go to bed.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie...
		-- Stephen Sondheim
Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969
judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best. Those who
doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American
history. For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor
at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of
them put it, "We could not now take time for further consideration, our
victuals being spent and especially our beer."
	-- Felton & Fowler's Best, Worst & Most Unusual
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
When it is incorrect, it is, at least *authoritatively* incorrect.
-- Hitchiker's Guide To The Galaxy
"He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions."
There are bugs and then there are bugs.  And then there are bugs.
-- Karl Lehenbauer
Baruch's Observation:
	If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
		-- Dom Perignon, upon discovering champagne.
"Little prigs and three-quarter madmen may have the conceit that the laws of 
nature are constantly broken for their sakes."
-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Cynic, n.:
	One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
Unquestionably, there is progress.  The average American now pays out
twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
		-- H. L. Mencken
"Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser."
-- Vince Lombardi, football coach
Nobody can be exactly like me.  Sometimes even I have trouble doing it.
		-- Tallulah Bankhead
This is clearly another case of too many mad scientists, and not enough
hunchbacks.
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
Q:	How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Fifteen.  One to do it, and fourteen to write document number
	GC7500439-0001, Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility,
	of which 10% of the pages state only "This page intentionally
	left blank", and 20% of the definitions are of the form "A:.....
	consists of sequences of non-blank characters separated by blanks".
It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.
And yet I should have dearly liked, I own, to have touched her lips; to
have questioned her, that she might have opened them; to have looked upon
the lashes of her downcast eyes, and never raised a blush; to have let
loose waves of hair, an inch of which would be a keepsake beyond price:
in short, I should have liked, I do confess, to have had the lightest
license of a child, and yet been man enough to know its value.
		-- Charles Dickens
Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and stupid to
do your job properly, you have to go, where the very opposite applies with
the judges.
		-- Beyond the Fringe
Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.
Throw away documentation and manuals,
and users will be a hundred times happier.
Throw away privileges and quotas,
and users will do the Right Thing.
Throw away proprietary and site licenses,
and there won't be any pirating.

If these three aren't enough,
just stay at your home directory 
and let all processes take their course.
Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
		-- Darryl F. Zanuck
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.
Real Users never use the Help key.
The people sensible enough to give good advice are usually sensible
enough to give none.
"Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context."
Oh wearisome condition of humanity!
Born under one law, to another bound.
		-- Fulke Greville, Lord Brooke
	A lawyer named Strange was shopping for a tombstone.  After he had
made his selection, the stonecutter asked him what inscription he
would like on it.  "Here lies an honest man and a lawyer," responded the
lawyer.
	"Sorry, but I can't do that," replied the stonecutter.  "In this
state, it's against the law to bury two people in the same grave.  However,
I could put ``here lies an honest lawyer'', if that would be okay."
	"But that won't let people know who it is" protested the lawyer.
	"Certainly will," retorted the stonecutter.  "people will read it
and exclaim, "That's Strange!"
Signs of crime: screaming or cries for help.
		-- The Brown University Security Crime Prevention Pamphlet
Elliptic paraboloids for sale.
if it GLISTENS, gobble it!!
QOTD:
	I looked out my window, and saw Kyle Pettys' car upside down,
	then I thought 'One of us is in real trouble'.
		-- Davey Allison, on a 150 m.p.h. crash
mummy, n.:
	An Egyptian who was pressed for time.
You're never too old to become younger.
		-- Mae West
Catsup and Mustard all over the place!  It's the Human Hamburger!
My boy is a mean kid.  I came home the other day and saw him taping worms
to the sidewalk, he sits there and watches the birds get hernias.  Well,
only last Christmas I gave him a B-B gun and he gave me a sweatshirt with
a bulls-eye on the back.

I told my kids, "Someday, you'll have kids of your own."  One of them
said, "So will you."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield
When Marriage is Outlawed, Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.
The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but
because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
		-- Thomas Macaulay, "History of England"
On the subject of C program indentation:
	"In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be
	indented six feet downward and covered with dirt."
		-- Blair P. Houghton
Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.
When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!
	"...The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!"
	"Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?" Alice said, trying to
feel interested.
	"No, you don't understand," the Knight said, looking a little
vexed.  "That's what the name is called.  The name really is, 'The Aged
Aged Man.'"
	"Then I ought to have said "That's what the song is called'?"
Alice corrected herself.
	"No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!  The song is
called 'Ways and Means':  but that's only what it is called you know!"
	"Well, what is the song then?" said Alice, who was by this
time completely bewildered.
	"I was coming to that," the Knight said.  "The song really is
"A-sitting on a Gate": and the tune's my own invention."
		--Lewis Carroll, "Through the Looking Glass"
"Regardless of the legal speed limit, your Buick must be operated at
speeds faster than 85 MPH (140kph)."
-- 1987 Buick Grand National owners manual.
You want to know why I kept getting promoted?  Because my mouth knows more
than my brain.
	-- W.G.
Unfortunately, most programmers like to play with new toys.  I have many
friends who, immediately upon buying a snakebite kit, would be tempted to
throw the first person they see to the ground, tie the tourniquet on him,
slash him with the knife, and apply suction to the wound.
		-- Jon Bentley
Suffocating together ... would create heroic camaraderie.
		-- Khan Noonian Singh, "Space Seed", stardate 3142.8
A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.
The politician is someone who deals in man's problems of adjustment.
To ask a politician to lead us is to ask the tail of a dog to lead the dog.
		-- Buckminster Fuller
Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart.  Harvard's is a subtle
taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco.  It may even be a bad habit, for
all I know.
		-- Prof. J.H. Finley '25
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.
When the wind is great, bow before it;
when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
Any dramatic series the producers want us to take seriously as a representation
of contemporary reality cannot be taken seriously as a representation of
anything -- except a show to be ignored by anyone capable of sitting upright
in a chair and chewing gum simultaneously.
		-- Richard Schickel
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
		-- Victor Hugo
I used to have a drinking problem.  Now I love the stuff.
Killing turkeys causes winter.
How doth the little crocodile
	Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
	On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
	How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
	With gently smiling jaws!
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Alice in Wonderland"
Adam was but human--this explains it all.  He did not want the apple for the
apple's sake, he wanted it only because it was forbidden.  The mistake was in
not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their dignity.
All of the people in my building are insane.  The guy above me designs
synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats.  The lady across the hall tried to
rob a department store... with a pricing gun...  She said, "Give me all
of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store."
		-- Steven Wright
Microsoft Corp., concerned by the growing popularity of the free 32-bit
operating system for Intel systems, Linux, has employed a number of top
programmers from the underground world of virus development. Bill Gates stated
yesterday: "World domination, fast -- it's either us or Linus". Mr. Torvalds
was unavailable for comment ...
(rjm@swift.eng.ox.ac.uk (Robert Manners), in comp.os.linux.setup)
As the system comes up, the component builders will from time to time appear,
bearing hot new versions of their pieces -- faster, smaller, more complete,
or putatively less buggy.  The replacement of a working component by a new
version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new
component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and
efficient test cases will usually be available.
		-- Frederick Brooks Jr., "The Mythical Man Month" 
The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they seem to believe that
for a group of people to behave in a way detrimental to the common good
requires intent.
/*
 * Oops. The kernel tried to access some bad page. We'll have to
 * terminate things with extreme prejudice.
*/
die_if_kernel("Oops", regs, error_code);
(From linux/arch/i386/mm/fault.c)				   
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
		-- Erma Bombeck
Flame on!
		-- Johnny Storm
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?
"The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl."
		-- Dave Barry
Entropy requires no maintenance.
		-- Markoff Chaney
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what's up?
Norm:  The warranty on my liver.
		-- Cheers, Breaking In Is Hard to Do

Sam:  What can I do for you, Norm?
Norm: Open up those beer taps and, oh, take the day off, Sam.
		-- Cheers, Veggie-Boyd

Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Another layer for the winter, Wood.
		-- Cheers, It's a Wonderful Wife
When properly administered, vacations do not diminish productivity: for
every week you're away and get nothing done, there's another when your boss
is away and you get twice as much done.
		-- Daniel B. Luten
You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for success.
You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits or white
plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume party disguised
as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
		-- Dave Barry, "How to Dress for Real Success"
Sturgeon's Law:
	90% of everything is crud.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
Candy
Is dandy
But liquor
Is quicker.
		-- Ogden Nash, "Reflections on Ice-Breaking"

Fortune updates the great quotes: #53.
	Candy is dandy; but liquor is quicker,
	and sex won't rot your teeth.
Two heads are more numerous than one.
Perhaps the biggest disappointments were the ones you expected anyway.
Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
		-- Oscar Levant
It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.
The star of riches is shining upon you.
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
		-- David Gerrold
QOTD:
	All I want is more than my fair share.
The face of war has never changed.  Surely it is more logical to heal
than to kill.
		-- Surak of Vulcan, "The Savage Curtain", stardate 5906.5
A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?
	And the Master answered:
	It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.
It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.
	It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City
to City upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns
have come to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.
	And that is Fate?  said the priest.
	Fate... I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.
	That's all right, said the priest.  I wanted to know
what Freight was too.
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"
Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
		-- Fred Allen
Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a
fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
		-- Montesquieu
Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Take not a single bit!
It used to point to me,
Now I'm protecting it.
It was the reader's CONS
That made it, paired by dot;
Now, GC, for the nonce,
Thou shalt reclaim it not.
I will always love the false image I had of you.
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
		-- Thomas J. Kopp
They don't know how the world is shaped.  And so they give it a shape, and
try to make everything fit it.  They separate the right from the left, the
man from the woman, the plant from the animal, the sun from the moon. They
only want to count to two.
		-- Emma Bull, "Bone Dance"
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
Dustin Farnum:	Why, yesterday, I had the audience glued to their seats!
Oliver Herford:	Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of it!
		-- Brian Herbert, "Classic Comebacks"
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because
he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
- Voltaire
I met a wonderful new man.  He's fictional, but you can't have everything.
		-- Cecelia, "The Purple Rose of Cairo"
But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable
nowdays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study.
		-- Leslie Stephen, "Sketches from Cambridge"
A CONS is an object which cares.
		-- Bernie Greenberg.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
		-- Charlie Brown
He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
		-- Bion
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up
at the steam fitters' picnic.
"First things first -- but not necessarily in that order"
		-- The Doctor, "Doctor Who"
Why isn't there some cheap and easy way to prove how much she means to me?
One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan
is that there never was a plan in the first place.
My mind can never know my body, although it has become quite friendly
with my legs.
		-- Woody Allen, on Epistemology
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs.  The trick is to make one with none.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and
art into pedantry.  Hence University education.
		-- G. B. Shaw
It's Like This

Even the samurai
have teddy bears,
and even the teddy bears
get drunk.
Viking, n.:
	1. Daring Scandinavian seafarers, explorers, adventurers,
	entrepreneurs world-famous for their aggressive, nautical import
	business, highly leveraged takeovers and blue eyes.
	2. Bloodthirsty sea pirates who ravaged northern Europe beginning
	in the 9th century.

Hagar's note: The first definition is much preferred; the second is used
only by malcontents, the envious, and disgruntled owners of waterfront
property.
Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay.
Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
		-- Oscar Hammerstein II
Wait!  You have not been prepared!
		-- Mr. Atoz, "Tomorrow is Yesterday", stardate 3113.2
The most exquisite peak in culinary art is conquered when you do right by a
ham, for a ham, in the very nature of the process it has undergone since last
it walked on its own feet, combines in its flavor the tang of smoky autumnal
woods, the maternal softness of earthy fields delivered of their crop children,
the wineyness of a late sun, the intimate kiss of fertilizing rain, and the
bite of fire.  You must slice it thin, almost as thin as this page you hold
in your hands.  The making of a ham dinner, like the making of a gentleman,
starts a long, long time before the event.
		-- W.B. Courtney, "Reflections of Maryland Country Ham",
		   from "Congress Eate It Up"
It is Texas law that when two trains meet each other at a railroad crossing,
each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed until the other
has gone.
YOW!!  What should the entire human race DO??  Consume a fifth of
CHIVAS REGAL, ski NUDE down MT. EVEREST, and have a wild SEX WEEKEND!
Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais
Complex system:
	One with real problems and imaginary profits.
Live from New York ... It's Saturday Night!
Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
	"Ever since they threatened to fire me."
On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on a surtout peur de souffrir
ou de faire souffrir.
	[One is always a little afraid of love, but above all, one is
	 afraid of pain or causing pain.]
"Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator."
		-- Claude Shouse

"Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist."
		-- Joseph C. Wang
When the Guru administers, the users 
are hardly aware that he exists.
Next best is a sysop who is loved.
Next, one who is feared.
And worst, one who is despised.

If you don't trust the users,
you make them untrustworthy.

The Guru doesn't talk, he hacks.
When his work is done,
the users say, "Amazing:
we implemented it, all by ourselves!"
Mind!  I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is
particularly dead about a door-nail.  I might have been inclined, myself,
to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands
shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.  You will therefore permit
me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
		-- Charles Dickens, "A Christmas Carol"
"This is lemma 1.1.  We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back to one."
		-- Prof. Seager, C&O 351
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's
character, give him power.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE
	Oh, dear, where can the matter be
	When it's converted to energy?
	There is a slight loss of parity.
	Johnny's so long at the fair.
Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.
My pants just went to high school in the Carlsbad Caverns!!!
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
		-- Mark Twain
Staff meeting in the conference room in %d minutes.
If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three to a can.
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to
boot yourself in the posterior.
		-- A.J. Liebling, "The Press"
Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.
The person who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.
Mother Earth is not flat!
When things go well, expect something to explode, erode, collapse or
just disappear.
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists
 in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all progress depends on 
 the unreasonable man."
-- George Bernard Shaw
IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.
The idea is to die young as late as possible.
		-- Ashley Montague
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
Presidency:  The greased pig in the field game of American politics.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
	Push something hard enough and it will fall over.
It's been a business doing pleasure with you.
Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey will catch more flies than
a gallon of vinegar.
		-- B. Franklin
	A grade school teacher was asking students what their parents did
for a living.  "Tim, you be first," she said.  "What does your mother do
all day?"
	Tim stood up and proudly said, "She's a doctor."
	"That's wonderful.  How about you, Amie?"
	Amie shyly stood up, scuffed her feet and said, "My father is a
mailman."
	"Thank you, Amie," said the teacher.  "What about your father, Billy?"
	Billy proudly stood up and announced, "My daddy plays piano in a
whorehouse."
	The teacher was aghast and promptly changed the subject to geography.
Later that day she went to Billy's house and rang the bell.  Billy's father
answered the door.  The teacher explained what his son had said and demanded
an explanation.
	Billy's father replied, "Well, I'm really an attorney.  But how do
you explain a thing like that to a seven-year-old child?"
The Great Movie Posters:

The nightmare terror of the slithering eye that unleashed agonizing
horror on a screaming world!
		-- The Crawling Eye (1958)

SEE a female colossus... her mountainous torso, scyscraper limbs,
giant desires!
		-- Attack of the Fifty-Foot Woman (1958)

Here Is Your Chance To Know More About Sex.
What Should a Movie Do?  Hide Its Head in the Sand Like an Ostrich?
Or Face the JOLTING TRUTH as does...
		-- The Desperate Women (1958)
All people are born alike -- except Republicans and Democrats.
		-- Groucho Marx
Matz's Law:
	A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
I'll learn to play the Saxophone,
I play just what I feel.
Drink Scotch whisky all night long,
And die behind the wheel.
They got a name for the winners in the world,
I want a name when I lose.
They call Alabama the Crimson Tide,
Call me Deacon Blues.
		-- Becker and Fagan, "Deacon Blues"
"Speak, thou vast and venerable head," muttered Ahab, "which, though
ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak,
mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee.  Of all divers,
thou has dived the deepest.  That head upon which the upper sun now gleams has
moved amid the world's foundations.  Where unrecorded names and navies rust,
and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate
earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful
water-land, there was thy most familiar home.  Thou hast been where bell or
diver never went; has slept by many a sailer's side, where sleepless mothers
would give their lives to lay them down.  Thou saw'st the locked lovers when
leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting
wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.  Thou saw'st the
murdered mate when tossed by pirates from the midnight deck; for hours he fell
into the deeper midnight of the insatiate maw; and his murderers still sailed
on unharmed -- while swift lightnings shivered the neighboring ship that would
have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms.  O head! thou has
seen enough to split the planets and make an infidel of Abraham, and not one
syllable is thine!"
		-- H. Melville, "Moby Dick"
Q:	What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
A:	A dope ring.

Q:	Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
A:	To cover up the valve stem.
User n.:
	A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.
That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
		-- Neil Armstrong
Immortality consists largely of boredom.
		-- Zefrem Cochrane, "Metamorphosis", stardate 3219.8
	The big problem with pornography is defining it.  You can't just
say it's pictures of people naked.  For example, you have these
primitive African tribes that exist by chasing the wildebeest on foot,
and they have to go around largely naked, because, as the old tribal
saying goes: "N'wam k'honi soit qui mali," which means, "If you think
you can catch a wildebeest in this climate and wear clothes at the same
time, then I have some beach front property in the desert region of
Northern Mali that you may be interested in."
	So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic
publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest
naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason
naked, or whatever.  But if National Geographic were to publish an
article entitled "The Girls of the California Junior College System
Hunt the Wildebeest Naked," some people would call it pornography.  But
others would not.  And still others, such as the Spectacularly Rev.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
		-- Dave Barry, "Pornography"
When you're in command, command.
		-- Admiral Nimitz
You're a good example of why some animals eat their young.
		-- Jim Samuels to a heckler

Ah, yes.  I remember my first beer.
		-- Steve Martin to a heckler

When your IQ rises to 28, sell.
		-- Professor Irwin Corey to a heckler
"Let's show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown!"
-- The Ghostbusters
We're Knights of the Round Table
We dance whene'er we're able
We do routines and chorus scenes	We're knights of the Round Table
With footwork impeccable		Our shows are formidable
We dine well here in Camelot		But many times
We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.	We're given rhymes
					That are quite unsingable
In war we're tough and able,		We're opera mad in Camelot
Quite indefatigable			We sing from the diaphragm a lot.
Between our quests
We sequin vests
And impersonate Clark Gable
It's a busy life in Camelot.
I have to push the pram a lot.
		-- Monty Python
Youth.  It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.
Could I have a drug overdose?
Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.
Life is a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
There's no justice in this world.
		-- Frank Costello, on the prosecution of "Lucky" Luciano by
		   New York district attorney Thomas Dewey after Luciano had
		   saved Dewey from assassination by Dutch Schultz (by ordering
		   the assassination of Schultz instead)
The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip objects
into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air due to
levitation.

Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur if the 
character does not have fire resistance.

- README file from the NetHack game
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
		-- J. Winter Smith
Don't be concerned, it will not harm you,
It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of,
Across my dreams, with neptive wonder,
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.
"What you end up with, after running an operating system concept through
these many marketing coffee filters, is something not unlike plain hot
water."
(By Matt Welsh)
A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.  Afterwards, the doctor
came to her and said, "I have some... odd news for you."
	"Is my baby all right?" the woman anxiously asked.
	"Yes, he is," the doctor replied, "but we don't know how.  Your son
(we assume) was born with no body.  He only has a head."
	Well, the doctor was correct.  The Head was alive and well, though no
one knew how.  The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of
a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under
the circumstances.
	One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a
phone call from another doctor.  The doctor said, "I have recently perfected
an operation.  Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto
his head!"
	The woman, practically weeping with joy, thanked the doctor and hung
up.  She ran up the stairs saying, "Johnny, Johnny, I have a *wonderful*
surprise for you!"
	"Oh no," cried The Head, "not another HAT!"
Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
		-- Fred Allen
Gunter's Airborne Discoveries:
	(1)  When you are served a meal aboard an aircraft,
	     the aircraft will encounter turbulence.
	(2)  The strength of the turbulence
	     is directly proportional to the temperature of your coffee.
Unix is a Registered Bell of AT&T Trademark Laboratories.
		-- Donn Seeley
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his
own eyes.  What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks
of himself.  To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch
dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension."
-- Mandelbrot, _The Fractal Geometry of Nature_
Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.  You wanna
help on the audit now?
		-- "The Rockford Files"
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed
It is your destiny.
- Darth Vader
"Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature.  It's a piss-poor
reptile and not very much of a bird."
- Melvin Konner, from "The Tangled Wing", quoting a zoologist who has
studied the archeopteryz and found it "very much like people"
Die, v.:
	To stop sinning suddenly.
		-- Elbert Hubbard
If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would
suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra.  But it is only
fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966,
only two went back to women.
		-- Mort Sahl
You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for success.
You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits or white
plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume party disguised
as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
		-- Dave Barry, "How to Dress for Real Success"
I do enjoy a good long walk -- especially when my wife takes one.
God rest ye CS students now,		The bearings on the drum are gone,
Let nothing you dismay.			The disk is wobbling, too.
The VAX is down and won't be up,	We've found a bug in Lisp, and Algol
Until the first of May.			Can't tell false from true.
The program that was due this morn,	And now we find that we can't get
Won't be postponed, they say.		At Berkeley's 4.2.
(chorus)				(chorus)

We've just received a call from DEC,	And now some cheery news for you,
They'll send without delay		The network's also dead,
A monitor called RSuX			We'll have to print your files on
It takes nine hundred K.		The line printer instead.
The staff committed suicide,		The turnaround time's nineteen weeks.
We'll bury them today.			And only cards are read.
(chorus)				(chorus)

And now we'd like to say to you		CHORUS:	Oh, tidings of comfort and joy,
Before we go away,				Comfort and joy,
We hope the news we've brought to you		Oh, tidings of comfort and joy.
Won't ruin your whole day.
You've got another program due, tomorrow, by the way.
(chorus)
		-- to God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen
It's OBVIOUS ... The FURS never reached ISTANBUL ... You were an EXTRA
in the REMAKE of "TOPKAPI" ... Go home to your WIFE ... She's making
FRENCH TOAST!
All my friends and I are crazy.  That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
Etymology, n.:
	Some early etymological scholars came up with derivations that
	were hard for the public to believe.  The term "etymology" was formed
	from the Latin "etus" ("eaten"), the root "mal" ("bad"), and "logy"
	("study of").  It meant "the study of things that are hard to swallow."
		-- Mike Kellen
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of 
interest is easy.
There are people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the
truth without lying.
		-- Josh Billings
No woman can endure a gambling husband, unless he is a steady winner.
		-- Lord Thomas Dewar
I myself have dreamed up a structure intermediate between Dyson spheres
and planets.  Build a ring 93 million miles in radius -- one Earth orbit
-- around the sun.  If we have the mass of Jupiter to work with, and if
we make it a thousand miles wide, we get a thickness of about a thousand
feet for the base.

And it has advantages.  The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson
sphere.  We can spin it on its axis for gravity.  A rotation speed of 770
m/s will give us a gravity of one Earth normal.  We wouldn't even need to
roof it over.  Place walls one thousand miles high at each edge, facing the
sun.  Very little air will leak over the edges.

Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.  With three million times the surface
area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the
crowding.
		-- Larry Niven, "Ringworld"
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
		-- attributed to both Fred Allen and Ernie Kovacs
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.  They're too
busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu!
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a
mountain top.
UNIX enhancements aren't.
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
		-- Plato
	Exxon's 'Universe of Energy' tends to the peculiar rather than the
humorous ... After [an incomprehensible film montage about wind and sun and
rain and strip mines and] two or three minutes of mechanical confusion, the
seats locomote through a short tunnel filled with clock-work dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face.
	"One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to
aggravate illusions.  Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like,
but Exxon has decided they smelled bad.
	"At the other end of Dino Ditch ... there's a final, very addled
message about facing challengehood tomorrow-wise.  I dozed off during this,
but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with
energy policy and neither do you."
		-- P.J. O'Rourke, "Holidays in Hell"
Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!
An English judge, growing weary of the barrister's long-winded summation,
leaned over the bench and remarked, "I've heard your arguments, Sir
Geoffrey, and I'm none the wiser!" Sir Geoffrey responded, "That may be,
Milord, but at least you're better informed!"
May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts.
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
TAPPING?  You POLITICIANS!  Don't you realize that the END of the "Wash
Cycle" is a TREASURED MOMENT for most people?!
	"Are you police officers?"
	"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."
		-- The Blues Brothers
QOTD:
	"Of course it's the murder weapon.  Who would frame someone with
	a fake?"
"Oh what wouldn't I give to be spat at in the face..."
-- a prisoner in "Life of Brian"
Yow!  Is this sexual intercourse yet??  Is it, huh, is it??
"The C Programming Language -- A language which combines the flexibility of
assembly language with the power of assembly language."
Luck can't last a lifetime, unless you die young.
		-- Russell Banks
	Chapter VIII

Due to the convergence of forces beyond his comprehension, Salvatore
Quanucci was suddenly squirted out of the universe like a watermelon
seed, and never heard from again.
Applause, n:
	The echo of a platitude from the mouth of a fool.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Give him an evasive answer.
"We learn from history that we learn nothing from history."
-- George Bernard Shaw
It is the nature of extreme self-lovers, as they will set an house on fire,
and it were but to roast their eggs.
		-- Francis Bacon
The real man's Bloody Mary:
	Ingredients: vodka, tomato juice, Tobasco, Worcestershire 
	sauce, A-1 steak sauce, ice, salt, pepper, celery.

	Fill a large tumbler with vodka.
	Throw all the other ingredients away.
Literature is mostly about having sex and not much about having children.
Life is the other way around.
		-- David Lodge, "The British Museum is Falling Down"
PARDON me, am I speaking ENGLISH?
Yow!  Now we can become alcoholics!
When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.
"It is hard to overstate the debt that we owe to men and women of genius."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
Miguel Cervantes wrote Donkey Hote.  Milton wrote Paradise Lost, then his
wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.
Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a cheering
squad and another paycheck.  When a woman marries, she gets a boarder.
APL is a write-only language.  I can write programs in APL, but I can't
read any of them.
		-- Roy Keir
Only two kinds of witnesses exist.  The first live in a neighborhood where
a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything
or even heard a shot.  The second category are the neighbors of anyone who
happens to be accused of the crime.  These have always looked out of their
windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing
peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
		-- Sicilian police officer
The good die young -- because they see it's no use living if you've got
to be good.
		-- John Barrymore
"I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder
have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.
This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's
reign.  My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.  Better go
buy some more."
		-- timw@zeb.USWest.COM
Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.
An air of FRENCH FRIES permeates my nostrils!!
If he had only learnt a little less, how infinitely better he might have
taught much more!
Kissing don't last, cookery do.
		-- George Meredith
Dare to be naive.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller
All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
		-- Dante Alighieri
Your wig steers the gig.
		-- Lord Buckley
Life may have no meaning, or, even worse, it may have a meaning of which
you disapprove.
Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virute
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
All new:
	Parts not interchangeable with previous model.
God must love the common man; He made so many of them.
All the lines have been written		There's been Sandburg,
It's sad but it's true			Keats, Poe and McKuen
With all the words gone,		They all had their day
What's a young poet to do?		And knew what they're doin'

But of all the words written		The bird is a strange one,
And all the lines read,			So small and so tender
There's one I like most,		Its breed still unknown,
And by a bird it was said!		Not to mention its gender.

It reminds me of days of		So what is this line
Both gloom and of light.		Whose author's unknown
It still lifts my spirits		And still makes me giggle
And starts the day right.		Even now that I'm grown?

I've read all the greats
Both starving and fat,
But none was as great as
"I tot I taw a puddy tat."
		-- Etta Stallings, "An Ode To Childhood"
T-shirt:
	Life is *not* a Cabaret, and stop calling me chum!
If your aim in life is nothing, you can't miss.
FORTH IF HONK THEN
Life is a game.  Money is how we keep score.
-- Ted Turner
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Were there fewer fools, knaves would starve.
- Anonymous
Sentimentality -- that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
		-- Graham Greene
You will pass away very quickly.
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up
in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
Those who sweat in flames of hell,	Leaden eared, some thought their bowels
Here's the reason that they fell:	Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
While on earth they prayed in SAS,	These they offered up in praise
PL/1, or other crass,			Thinking all this fetid haze
Vulgar tongue.				A rapsody sung.

Some the lord did sorely try		Jabber of the mindless horde
Assembling all their pleas in hex.	Sequel next did mock the lord
Speech as crabbed as devil's crable	Slothful sequel so enfangled
Hex that marked on Tower Babel		Its speaker's lips became entangled
The highest rung.			In his bung.

Because in life they prayed so ill
And offered god such swinish swill
Now they sweat in flames of hell
Sweat from lack of APL
Sweat dung!
With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time
they make a law it's a joke.
		-- Will Rogers
Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
	[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne
	Proposed Country & Western Song Titles
She Ain't Much to See, but She Looks Good Through the Bottom of a Glass
If Fingerprints Showed Up On Skin, I Wonder Who's I'd Find On You
I'm Ashamed to be Here, but Not Ashamed Enough to Leave
It's Commode Huggin' Time In The Valley
If You Want to Keep the Beer Real Cold, Put It Next to My Ex-wife's Heart
If You Get the Feeling That I Don't Love You, Feel Again
I'm Ashamed To Be Here, But Not Ashamed Enough To Leave
It's the Bottle Against the Bible in the Battle For Daddy's Soul
My Wife Ran Off With My Best Friend, And I Sure Miss Him
Don't Cut Any More Wood, Baby, 'Cause I'll Be Comin' Home With A Load
I Loved Her Face, But I Left Her Behind For You
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
		-- Gore Vidal
Accuracy, n.:
	The vice of being right
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
It's useless to try to hold some people to anything they say while they're
madly in love, drunk, or running for office.
I had a lease on an OEDIPUS COMPLEX back in '81 ...
Having a baby isn't so bad.  If you're a female Emperor penguin in the
Antarctic.  She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father, then takes off
for warmer weather where she eats and eats and eats.  For two months, the
father stands stiff, without food, blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing
the egg on his feet.  After the little penguin is hatched, the mother
sees fit to come home.
		-- L.M. Boyd, "Austin American-Statesman"
There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.
Peterson's Admonition:
	When you think you're going down for the third time --
	just remember that you may have counted wrong.
HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#32: You call your answering service and they've never heard of you.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what
you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
		-- Mark Twain
Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen
There's a trick to the Graceful Exit.  It begins with the vision to
recognize when a job, a life stage, a relationship is over -- and to let
go.  It means leaving what's over without denying its validity or its
past importance in our lives.  It involves a sense of future, a belief
that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on, rather than out.
The trick of retiring well may be the trick of living well.  It's hard to
recognize that life isn't a holding action, but a process.  It's hard to
learn that we don't leave the best parts of ourselves behind, back in the
dugout or the office. We own what we learned back there.  The experiences
and the growth are grafted onto our lives.  And when we exit, we can take
ourselves along -- quite gracefully.
		-- Ellen Goodman
Don't drink when you drive -- you might hit a bump and spill it.
There's no time like the pleasant.
A wife lasts only for the length of the marriage, but an ex-wife is there
*for the rest of your life*.
		-- Jim Samuels
And furthermore, my bowling average is unimpeachable!!!
You need tender loving care once a week - so that I can slap you into shape.
- Ellyn Mustard
Isn't air travel wonderful?  Breakfast in London, dinner in New York,
luggage in Brazil.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Dear Miss Manners:
	My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's
elbows on the table.  However, I have read that one elbow, in between
courses, is all right.  Which is correct?

Gentle Reader:
	For the purpose of answering examinations in your home economics
class, your teacher is correct.  Catching on to this principle of
education may be of even greater importance to you now than learning
correct current table manners, vital as Miss Manners believes that is.
Jim, this is Matty down at Ralph's and Mark's.  Some guy named Angel
Martin just ran up a fifty buck bar tab.  And now he wants to charge it
to you.  You gonna pay it?
		-- "The Rockford Files"
The trouble with a kitten is that
When it grows up, it's always a cat
		-- Ogden Nash.
Grandpa Charnock's Law:
	You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.

	[I thought it was when your kids learned to drive.  Ed.]
I don't have any use for bodyguards, but I do have a specific use for two
highly trained certified public accountants.
		-- Elvis Presley
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
		-- Publilius Syrus
You cannot use your friends and have them too.
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
		-- Victor Borge
Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Can you see your neck?
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign,
	...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
		-- Garfield
news: gotcha
The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination -- but the
combination is locked up in the safe.
		-- Peter DeVries
I really hate this damned machine
I wish that they would sell it.
It never does quite what I want
But only what I tell it.
Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.
		-- David Letterman
The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
		-- Oscar Wilde
We can defeat gravity.  The problem is the paperwork involved.
The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of
entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and
50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into
the 80's.
		-- Marty Winston
Jones' First Law:
	Anyone who makes a significant contribution to any field of
	endeavor, and stays in that field long enough, becomes an
	obstruction to its progress -- in direct proportion to the
	importance of their original contribution.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until
drops of blood form on your forehead.
		-- Gene Fowler
"One Architecture, One OS" also translates as "One Egg, One Basket".
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #4
A:	Go west, young man, go west!
Q:	What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
Speak roughly to your little VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
It knows that one cannot relax
	Because the paging thrashes!
	Wow!  Wow!  Wow!

I speak severely to my VAX,
	And boot it when it crashes;
In spite of all my favorite hacks
	My jobs it always thrashes!
	Wow!  Wow!  Wow!
No committee could ever come up with anything as revolutionary as a camel --
anything as practical and as perfectly designed to perform effectively under
such difficult conditions.
		-- Laurence J. Peter
It is only with the heart one can see clearly; what is essential is
invisible to the eye.
		-- The Fox, 'The Little Prince"
Say!  You've struck a heap of trouble--
Bust in business, lost your wife;
No one cares a cent about you,
You don't care a cent for life;
Hard luck has of hope bereft you,
Health is failing, wish you'd die--
Why, you've still the sunshine left you
And the big blue sky.
		-- R.W. Service
"The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of
themselves," the old man said, no longer to me.  "But what will become 
of the bicuspids?"
		-- The Old Man and his Bridge
Cahn's Axiom:
	When all else fails, read the instructions.
When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.
If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?
AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE!
	FEAR! FIRE! FOES!
		AWAKE! AWAKE!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
The magician is seated in his high chair and looks upon the world with favor.
He is at the height of his powers.  If he closes his eyes, he causes the world
to disappear.  If he opens his eyes, he causes the world to come back.  If
there is harmony within him, the world is harmonious.  If rage shatters his
inner harmony, the unity of the world is shattered.  If desire arises within
him, he utters the magic syllables that causes the desired object to appear.
His wishes, his thoughts, his gestures, his noises command the universe.
-- Selma Fraiberg, _The Magic Years_, pg. 107
Two heads are more numerous than one.
"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down
to the sea and drown yourselves."

"How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why
you human beings don't."
		-- James Thurber
	A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master,
Knuth.  When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.  "Where is the
wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student.
	"Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a
pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new
disciples."
	Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.
I selected E5 ... but I didn't hear "Sam the Sham and the Pharoahs"!
On my planet, to rest is to rest -- to cease using energy.  To me, it
is quite illogical to run up and down on green grass, using energy,
instead of saving it.
		-- Spock, "Shore Leave", stardate 3025.2
Langsam's Laws:
	(1) Everything depends.
	(2) Nothing is always.
	(3) Everything is sometimes.
Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term, convertible
only through the use of weird and unnatural conversion factors.  Velocity,
for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker
A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and
exceptional ability in that particular field."
One has to look out for engineers -- they begin with sewing machines
and end up with the atomic bomb.
		-- Marcel Pagnol
	Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.
According to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing
severe marketing anxiety in China.
	The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending
on the inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole".
	Bite the wax tadpole.
	There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?
	The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard
to get a whole column out of it. I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax
tadpole.  Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare.  Not bad, but broad
satiric vistas do not open up.
		-- John Carrol, The San Francisco Chronicle
"It ain't so much the things we don't know that get us in trouble.  It's the
things we know that ain't so."
-- Artemus Ward aka Charles Farrar Brown
Reformed, n.:
	A synagogue that closes for the Jewish holidays.
Madness has no purpose.  Or reason.  But it may have a goal.
		-- Spock, "The Alternative Factor", stardate 3088.7
Weiler's Law:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term, convertible
only through the use of weird and unnatural conversion factors.  Velocity,
for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
	Most of what I really need to know about how to live, and what to do,
and how to be, I learned in kindergarten.  Wisdom was not at the top of the
graduate school mountain but there in the sandbox at nursery school.
	These are the things I learned:  Share everything.  Play fair.  Don't
hit people.  Put things back where you found them.  Clean up your own mess.
Don't take things that aren't yours.   Say you're sorry when you hurt someone.
Wash your hands before you eat.  Flush.  Warm cookies and cold milk are good
for you.  Live a balanced life.  Learn some and think some and draw and paint
and sing and dance and play and work some every day.
	Take a nap every afternoon.  When you go out into the world, watch for
traffic, hold hands, and stick together.  Be aware of wonder.  Remember the
little seed in the plastic cup.   The roots go down and the plant goes up and
nobody really knows how or why, but we are all like that.  Goldfish and
hamsters and white mice and even the little seed in the plastic cup -- they all
die.  So do we.
	And then remember the book about Dick and Jane and the first word you
learned, the biggest word of all: LOOK.  Everything you need to know is in
there somewhere.  The Golden Rule and love and basic sanitation.  Ecology and
politics and sane living.
	Think of what a better world it would be if we all -- the whole world
-- had cookies and milk about 3 o'clock every afternoon and then lay down with
our blankets for a nap.  Or if we had a basic policy in our nation and other
nations to always put things back where we found them and cleaned up our own
messes.  And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into
the world it is best to hold hands and stick together.
		-- Robert Fulghum, "All I ever really needed to know I learned
		   in kindergarten"
I wonder if I should put myself in ESCROW!!
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
timesharing, n:
	An access method whereby one computer abuses many people.
"Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people; from
Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth ..."
Carperpetuation (kar' pur pet u a shun), n.:
	The act, when vacuuming, of running over a string at least a
	dozen times, reaching over and picking it up, examining it, then
	putting it back down to give the vacuum one more chance.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
		-- David Gerrold
Academy:
	A modern school where football is taught.
Institute:
	An archaic school where football is not taught.
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
		-- Kris Kristofferson, "Me and Bobby McGee"
Another dream that failed.  There's nothing sadder.
		-- Kirk, "This side of Paradise", stardate 3417.3
Don't drink when you drive -- you might hit a bump and spill it.
"Survey says..."
-- Richard Dawson, weenie, on "Family Feud"
Most public domain software is free, at least at first glance.
Yesterday I was a dog.  Today I'm a dog.  Tomorrow I'll probably still
be a dog. Sigh!  There's so little hope for advancement.
		-- Snoopy
HELP!  Man trapped in a human body!
Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.
Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center
of the universe.  The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.  An
incorrect model can be a useful tool.
		-- Kelvin Throop III
optimist, n:
	A bagpiper with a beeper.
For courage mounteth with occasion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "King John"
There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is one
of them.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
I hope something GOOD came in the mail today so I have a REASON to live!!
When oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U.
The Game had just begun, when Hydrogen scored two fast points
And Oxygen still had none
Then Oxygen scored a single goal
And thus it did remain, At Hydrogen 2 and Oxygen 1
Called because of rain.
An office party is not, as is sometimes supposed the Managing Director's
chance to kiss the tea-girl.  It is the tea-girl's chance to kiss the
Managing Director (however bizarre an ambition this may seem to anyone
who has seen the Managing Director face on).
		-- Katherine Whitehorn, "Roundabout"
Drinking is not a spectator sport.
		-- Jim Brosnan
When one knows women one pities men, but when one studies men,
one excuses women.
		-- Horne Tooke
For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.
We are Pentium of Borg. Division is futile. You will be approximated.
(seen in someone's .signature)
Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans; it's lovely to be silly
at the right moment.
		-- Horace
The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone
A Elbereth Gilthoniel,
silivren penna m'iriel
o menel aglar elenath!
Na chaered palan-d'iriel
o galadhremmin ennorath,
Fanuilos, le linnathon
nef aear, s'i  nef aearon!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if
one went to Harvard).
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

1. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR DOCTOR TO SHARE YOUR DISCOMFORT.
	Involvement with the patient's suffering might cause him to lose
	valuable scientific objectivity.

2. BE CHEERFUL AT ALL TIMES.
	Your doctor leads a busy and trying life and requires all the
	gentleness and reassurance he can get.

3. TRY TO SUFFER FROM THE DISEASE FOR WHICH YOU ARE BEING TREATED.
	Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.
The other line moves faster.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
		-- P.J. O'Rourke
"Note that if I can get you to \"su and say\" something just by asking,
you have a very serious security problem on your system and you should
look into it."
(By Paul Vixie, vixie-cron 3.0.1 installation notes)
"IBM uses what I like to call the 'hole-in-the-ground technique' 
to destroy the competition..... IBM digs a big HOLE in the 
ground and covers it with leaves. It then puts a big POT 
OF GOLD nearby. Then it gives the call, 'Hey, look at all 
this gold, get over here fast.' As soon as the competitor 
approaches the pot, he falls into the pit"
- John C. Dvorak
	"But I don't want to go on the cart..."
	"Oh, don't be such a baby!"
	"But I'm feeling much better..."
	"No you're not... in a moment you'll be stone dead!"
		-- Monty Python, "The Holy Grail"
-- I have seen the FUN --
"No self-respecting fish would want to be wrapped in that kind of paper."
		-- Mike Royko on the Chicago Sun-Times after it was
		   taken over by Rupert Murdoch
Imbesi's Law with Freeman's Extension:
	In order for something to become clean, something else must
	become dirty; but you can get everything dirty without getting
	anything clean.
Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?
		-- "The Rockford Files"
There are two ways of constructing a software design.  One way is to make
it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to
make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
		-- C.A.R. Hoare
Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields
Sold in a market down in New Orleans
Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright
Hear him whip the women, just around midnight

Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should

Drums beating cold English blood runs hot
Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop
House boy knows that he's doing alright
You should a heard him just around midnight.
...
I bet your mama was tent show queen
And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen
I'm no school boy but I know what I like
You should have heard me just around midnight.
		-- Rolling Stones, "Brown Sugar"
There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
		-- George Santayana
The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded
in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but
occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!
	-- James 'Kibo' Parry
The future lies ahead.
		-- Owen Meredith
Snow White has become a camera buff.  She spends hours and hours
shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics.  Then she
mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service.  It takes weeks
for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right
with Snow White.  She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps
the floor, all the while singing "Someday my prints will come."
I am an optimist.  It does not seem too much use being anything else.
		-- Winston Churchill
"Ah, you know the type.	 They like to blame it all on the Jews or the Blacks, 
'cause if they couldn't, they'd have to wake up to the fact that life's one big,
scary, glorious, complex and ultimately unfathomable crapshoot -- and the only 
reason THEY can't seem to keep up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers."
-- an analysis of neo-Nazis and such, Badger comics
13. ...  r-q1
If you are what you eat, does that mean Euell Gibbons really was a nut?
Do what comes naturally.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
Women waste men's lives and think they have indemnified them by a few
gracious words.
		-- Honor'e de Balzac
After an instrument has been assembled, extra components will be found
on the bench.
	The Arkansas legislature passed a law that states that the Arkansas
River can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.
You can do this in a number of ways.  IBM chose to do all of them.
Why do you find that funny?
		-- D. Taylor, Computer Science 350
	A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the
house of seven gobbles.
You are going to have a new love affair.
A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"
Satire is what closes Saturday night.
		-- George Kaufman
They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
		-- John Dillinger, on Bonnie and Clyde
The more complex the mind, the greater the need for the simplicity of play.
		-- Kirk, "Shore Leave", stardate 3025.8
You can fool some of the people some of the time,
and some of the people all of the time,
and that is sufficient.
egrep patterns are full regular expressions; it uses a fast deterministic
algorithm that sometimes needs exponential space.
-- unix manuals
The term "fire" brings up visions of violence and mayhem and the ugly scene
of shooting employees who make mistakes.  We will now refer to this process
as "deleting" an employee (much as a file is deleted from a disk).  The
employee is simply there one instant, and gone the next.  All the terrible
temper tantrums, crying, and threats are eliminated.
		-- Kenny's Korner
===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the 
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.
Acquaintance, n:
	A person whom we know well enough to borrow from but not well
	enough to lend to.  A degree of friendship called slight when the
	object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Words can never express what words can never express.
Horngren's Observation:
	Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of
trouble.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
TRANSACTION CANCELLED - FARECARD RETURNED
"A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch
dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension."
-- Mandelbrot, _The Fractal Geometry of Nature_
bureaucrat, n:
	A politician who has tenure.
Weinberg's Principle:
	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while
	sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility? Does it
appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down,
and its salient virtuosi a gang of umitigated scoundrels?  Then let us
not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickel the midriff, its
incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "A Carnival of Buncombe"
The spirit of Plato dies hard.  We have been unable to escape the philosophical
tradition that what we can see and measure in the world is merely the
superficial and imperfect representation of an underlying reality.
		-- S.J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
We're happy little Vegemites,
	As bright as bright can be.
We all all enjoy our Vegemite
	For breakfast, lunch and tea.
The qotc (quote of the con) was Liz's:
	"My brain is paged out to my liver."
"Can't you just gesture hypnotically and make him disappear?"
    "It does not work that way.  RUN!"
-- Hadji on metaphyics and Mandrake in "Johnny Quest"
Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it; what
is happening in America is that those parades are getting smaller and
smaller -- and there are many more of them.
		-- John Naisbitt, "Megatrends"
... the HIGHWAY is made out of LIME JELLO and my HONDA is a barbequeued
OYSTER!  Yum!
Imbesi's Law with Freeman's Extension:
	In order for something to become clean, something else must
	become dirty; but you can get everything dirty without getting
	anything clean.
Ever wonder why fire engines are red?

Because newspapers are read too.
Two and Two is four.
Four and four is eight.
Eight and four is twelve.
There are twelve inches in a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ship.
Ships sail the sea.
There are fishes in the sea.
Fishes have fins.
The Finns fought the Russians.
Russians are red.
Fire engines are always rush'n.
Therefore fire engines are red.
Q:	Why should you always serve a Southern Carolina football man
	soup in a plate?
A:	'Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.
Suaviter in modo, fortiter in re.
Se non e vero, e ben trovato.
"Creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple
and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and
because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.  What could be
more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our
entire intellectualy heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing
honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment
to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any
general understanding of science as an enterprise?
-- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Skeptical Inquirer", Vol. 12, page 186
The better part of valor is discretion.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
Woman inspires us to great things, and prevents us from achieving them.
		-- Dumas
Ever since prehistoric times, wise men have tried to understand what,
exactly, make people laugh.  That's why they were called "wise men." All the
other prehistoric people were out puncturing each other with spears, and the
wise men were back in the cave saying: "How about: Would you please take my
wife?  No.  How about: Here is my wife, please take her right now.  No How
about: Would you like to take something? My wife is available.  No.  How
about ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "Why Humor is Funny"
Marvelous!  The super-user's going to boot me!
What a finely tuned response to the situation!
X windows:
	Something you can be ashamed of.
	30% more entropy than the leading window system.
	The first fully modular software disaster.
	Rome was destroyed in a day.
	Warn your friends about it.
	Climbing to new depths.  Sinking to new heights.
	An accident that couldn't wait to happen.
	Don't wait for the movie.
	Never use it after a big meal.
	Need we say less?
	Plumbing the depths of human incompetence.
	It'll make your day.
	Don't get frustrated without it.
	Power tools for power losers.
	A software disaster of Biblical proportions.
	Never had it.  Never will.
	The software with no visible means of support.
	More than just a generation behind.

Hindenburg.  Titanic.  Edsel.
	X windows.
He who despises himself nevertheless esteems himself as a self-despiser.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.
To think contrary to one's era is heroism.  But to speak against it is madness.
		-- Eugene Ionesco
I read Playboy for the same reason I read National Geographic.  To see
the sights I'm never going to visit.
Don't be concerned, it will not harm you,
It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of,
Across my dreams, with neptive wonder,
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.
I am very fond of the company of ladies.  I like their beauty,
I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
		-- Samuel Johnson
The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.  It cannot be
ruled by interfering.
		-- Chinese proverb
Whenever people agree with me, I always think I must be wrong.
- Oscar Wilde
A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems
have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects,
those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are
the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.  Consider Unix,
APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them
with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
		-- Fred Brooks
I can relate to that.
"If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely."
I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that
either.
		-- Jack Benny
The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland";
but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
Brandy Davis, an outfielder and teammate of mine with the Pittsburgh Pirates,
is my choice for team captain.  Cincinnatti was beating us 3-1, and I led
off the bottom of the eighth with a walk.  The next hitter banged a hard
single to right field.  Feeling the wind at my back, I rounded second and
kept going, sliding safely into third base.
	With runners at first and third, and home-run hitter Ralph Kiner at
bat, our manager put in the fast Brandy Davis to run for the player at first.
Even with Kiner hitting and a change to win the game with a home run, Brandy
took off for second and made it.  Now we had runners at second and third.
	I'm standing at third, knowing I'm not going anywhere, and see Brandy
start to take a lead.  All of a sudden, here he comes.  He makes a great slide
into third, and I scream, "Brandy, where are you going?"  He looks up, and
shouts, "Back to second if I can make it."
		-- Joe Garagiola, "It's Anybody's Ball Game"
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.
		-- H. L. Mencken
My friend has a baby.  I'm writing down all the noises he makes so
later I can ask him what he meant.
		-- Steven Wright
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable.
-- Thomas Jefferson
QOTD:
	"I am not sure what this is, but an 'F' would only dignify it."
Don't lose
Your head
To gain a minute
You need your head
Your brains are in it.
		-- Burma Shave
PARDON me, am I speaking ENGLISH?
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
		-- Saint Jerome
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
Look out!  Behind you!
We just joined the civil hair patrol!
Only the fittest survive. The vanquished acknowledge their unworthiness by 
placing a classified ad with the ritual phrase "must sell -- best offer," 
and thereafter dwell in infamy, relegated to discussing gas mileage and lawn
food.  But if successful, you join the elite sodality that spends hours 
unpurifying the dialect of the tribe with arcane talk of bits and bytes, RAMS
and ROMS, hard disks and baud rates. Are you obnoxious, obsessed?  It's a 
modest price to pay.  For you have tapped into the same awesome primal power 
that produces credit-card billing errors and lost plane reservations.  Hail,
postindustrial warrior, subduer of Bounceoids, pride of the cosmos, keeper of
the silicone creed: Computo, ergo sum.  The force is with you -- at 110 volts.
May your RAMS be fruitful and multiply.
		-- Curt Suplee, "Smithsonian", 4/83
	"Do you think there's a God?"
	"Well, ____SOMEbody's out to get me!"
		-- Calvin and Hobbs
Gil-galad was an Elven-king.
Of him the harpers sadly sing:
the last whose realm was fair and free
between the Mountains and the Sea.

His sword was long, his lance was keen,
his shining helm afar was seen;
the countless stars of heaven's field
were mirrored in his silver shield.

But long ago he rode away,
and where he dwelleth none can say;
for into darkness fell his star
in Mordor where the shadows are.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
I wonder if I should put myself in ESCROW!!
God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
gurmlish, n.:
	The red warning flag at the top of a club sandwich which
	prevents the person from biting into it and puncturing the roof
	of his mouth.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?  And hain't that a big
enough majority in any town?
		-- Mark Twain, "Huckleberry Finn"
Mike's Law:
For a lumber company employing two men and a cut-off saw, the
marginal product of labor for any number of additional workers
equals zero until the acquisition of another cut-off saw.
Let's not even consider a chainsaw.
- Mike Dennison
[You could always schedule the saw, though - ed.]
Q:	Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
A:	The cats keep trying to bury them.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one
mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
- Frederick Brooks Jr., "The Mythical Man Month" 
The only solution is ... a balance of power.  We arm our side with exactly
that much more.  A balance of power -- the trickiest, most difficult,
dirtiest game of them all.  But the only one that preserves both sides.
		-- Kirk, "A Private Little War", stardate 4211.8
Satellite Safety Tip #14:
	If you see a bright streak in the sky coming at you, duck.
A hypothetical paradox:
	What would happen in a battle between an Enterprise security team,
	who always get killed soon after appearing, and a squad of Imperial
	Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
		-- Tom Galloway
I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
		-- Jay Gould
Magnocartic, adj.:
	Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
You can get everything in life you want, if you will help enough other
people get what they want.
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to
change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
		-- Mark Twain
meterologist, n.:
	One who doubts the established fact that it is
	bound to rain if you forget your umbrella.
Should I start with the time I SWITCHED personalities with a BEATNIK
hair stylist or my failure to refer five TEENAGERS to a good OCULIST?
Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real disasters in life begin
when you get what you want.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
		-- Albert Einstein
What is algebra, exactly?  Is it one of those three-cornered things?
		-- J.M. Barrie
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out before the pencil,
you're overdoing it a little.
Research is the best place to be: you work your buns off, and if it works
you're a hero; if it doesn't, well -- nobody else has done it yet either,
so you're still a valiant nerd.
It must have been some unmarried fool that said "A child can ask questions
that a wise man cannot answer"; because, in any decent house, a brat that
starts asking questions is promptly packed off to bed.
		-- Arthur Binstead
Walk softly and carry a big stick.
		-- Theodore Roosevelt
Klatu barada nikto.
QOTD:
	"Every morning I read the obituaries; if my name's not there,
	I go to work."
	Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property
of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane
complexities.  Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to
obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
	Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is
available to anyone.
		-- Tom Weller, "Science Made Stupid"
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
When I think about myself,
I almost laugh myself to death,
My life has been one great big joke,	Sixty years in these folks' world
A dance that's walked			The child I works for calls me girl
A song that's spoke,			I say "Yes ma'am" for working's sake.
I laugh so hard I almost choke		Too proud to bend
When I think about myself.		Too poor to break,
					I laugh until my stomach ache,
					When I think about myself.
My folks can make me split my side,
I laughed so hard I nearly died,
The tales they tell, sound just like lying,
They grow the fruit, 
But eat the rind,
I laugh until I start to crying,
When I think about my folks.
		-- Maya Angelou
"Remember, if it's being done correctly, here or abroad, it's ___not the U.S.
Army doing it!"
		-- Good Morning VietNam
Don't take life so serious, son, it ain't nohow permanent.
		-- Walt Kelly
Dear Emily:
	I saw a long article that I wish to rebut carefully, what should
I do?
		-- Angry

Dear Angry:
	Include the entire text with your article, and include your comments
between the lines.  Be sure to post, and not mail, even though your article
looks like a reply to the original.  Everybody *loves* to read those long
point-by-point debates, especially when they evolve into name-calling and
lots of "Is too!" -- "Is not!" -- "Is too, twizot!" exchanges.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
QOTD:
	"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the cologne, now would I?"
Zero Mostel: That's it baby!  When you got it, flaunt it!  Flaunt it!
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Producers"
You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes
you wore home from the party and there aren't any.
We have the flu.  I don't know if this particular strain has an official
name, but if it does, it must be something like "Martian Death Flu".  You
may have had it yourself.  The main symptom is that you wish you had another
setting on your electric blanket, up past "HIGH", that said "ELECTROCUTION".
	Another symptom is that you cease brushing your teeth, because (a)
your teeth hurt, and (b) you lack the strength.  Midway through the brushing
process, you'd have to lie down in front of the sink to rest for a couple
of hours, and rivulets of toothpaste foam would dribble sideways out of your
mouth, eventually hardening into crusty little toothpaste stalagmites that
would bond your head permanently to the bathroom floor, which is how the
police would find you.
	You know the kind of flu I'm talking about.
		-- Dave Barry, "Molecular Homicide"
If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin'
it, even if they don't know what it means.
		-- Walt Kelly, "The Pogo Party"
A guy has to get fresh once in a while so a girl doesn't lose her confidence.
A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.
		-- Helen Rowland
Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
		-- P.J. Denning
I told my kids, "Someday, you'll have kids of your own."  One of them said,
"So will you."
		-- Rodney Dangerfield
This is for all ill-treated fellows
	Unborn and unbegot,
For them to read when they're in trouble
	And I am not.
		-- A. E. Housman
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention,
and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
	"The pyramid is opening!"
	"Which one?"
	"The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
		-- Firesign Theater, "How Can You Be In Two Places At
		   Once When You're Not Anywhere At All"
Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most important programming language
yet developed.
		-- T. Cheatham
Hating the Yankees is as American as pizza pie, unwed mothers and
cheating on your income tax.
		-- Mike Royko
"Unlike most net.puritans, however, I feel that what OTHER consenting computers
 do in the privacy of their own phone connections is their own business."
-- John Woods, jfw@eddie.mit.edu
Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail? 
		-- The Tasmanian Devil
QOTD:
	"It's sort of a threat, you see.  I've never been very good at
	them myself, but I'm told they can be very effective."
The sounds of the nouns are mostly unbound.
In town a noun might wear a gown,
or further down, might dress a clown.
A noun that's sound would never clown,
but unsound nouns jump up and down.
The sound of a noun could distrub the plowing,
and then, my dear, you'd be put in the pound.
But please don't let that get you down,
the renown of your gown is the talk of the town.
		-- A. Nonnie Mouse
If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky
"He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental
effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable perversion."
		-- Mick Farren, "When Gravity Fails"
I'm young ... I'm HEALTHY ... I can HIKE THRU CAPT GROGAN'S LUMBAR REGIONS!
HR 3128.  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation, Fiscal 1986.  Martin, R-Ill., motion
that the House recede from its disagreement to the Senate amendment making
changes in the bill to reduce fiscal 1986 deficits.  The Senate amendment
was an amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the House
amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill.  The original Senate amendment
was the conference agreement on the bill.  Agreed to.
		-- Albuquerque Journal
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Two battleships assigned to the training squadron had been at sea on maneuvers
in heavy weather for several days.  I was serving on the lead battleship and
was on watch on the bridge as night fell.  The visibility was poor with patchy
fog, so the Captain remained on the bridge keeping an eye on all activities.
	Shortly after dark, the lookout on the wing of the bridge reported,
"Light, bearing on the starboard bow."
	"Is it steady or moving astern?" the Captain called out.
	Lookout replied, "Steady, Captain," which meant we were on a dangerous
collision course with that ship.
	The Captain then called to the signalman, "Signal that ship: We are on
a collision course, advise you change course 20 degrees."
	Back came a signal "Advisable for you to change course 20 degrees."
	In reply, the Captain said, "Send: I'm a Captain, change course 20
degrees!"
	"I'm a seaman second class," came the reply, "You had better change
course 20 degrees."
	By that time, the Captain was furious. He spit out, "Send: I'm a
battleship, change course 20 degrees."
	Back came the flashing light: "I'm a lighthouse!"
	We changed course.
		-- The Naval Institute's "Proceedings"
Never accept an invitation from a stranger unless he gives you candy.
		-- Linda Festa
There never was a good war or a bad peace.
		-- B. Franklin
The American Dental Association announced today that most plaque tends
to form on teeth around 4:00 PM in the afternoon.

Film at 11:00.
Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.  They worship us and are
always bothering us to do something for them.
		-- Oscar Wilde
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
Kettering's Observation:
	Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
"By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began
to suspect "Hungry."
-- a Larson cartoon
"I am ready to meet my Maker.  Whether my Maker is prepared for the
great ordeal of meeting me is another matter."
		-- Winston Churchill
Pudder's Law:
	Anything that begins well will end badly.
	(Note: The converse of Pudder's law is not true.)
We the Users, in order to form a more perfect system, establish priorities,
ensure connective tranquility, provide for common repairs, promote preventive
maintenance, and secure the blessings of liberty for ourselves and our
processes, do ordain and establish this Software of The Unixed States
of America.
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking
advantage of them.
I request a weekend in Havana with Phil Silvers!
Science may someday discover what faith has always known.
	A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police
during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he
was making a bolt for the door.
It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a
lamp-post how it feels about dogs.
		-- Christopher Hampton
"His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had
money, he went to Southern California."
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
		-- Lily Tomlin
"I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously."
- Doctor Graper
The Seventh Edition licensing procedures are, I suppose, still in effect, 
though I doubt that tapes are available from AT&T.  At any rate, whatever 
restrictions the license imposes still exist.  These restrictions were and 
are reasonable for places that just want to run the system, but don't allow 
many of the things that Minix was written for, like study of the source in 
classes, or by individuals not in a university or company.

I've always thought that Minix was a fine idea, and competently done.

As for the size of v7, wc -l /usr/sys/*/*.[chs] is 19271.

-- Dennis Ritchie, 1989
The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory,
in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.

	But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay:
	for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.
		-- Matthew 5:37
It's no use crying over spilt milk -- it only makes it salty for the cat.
If parents would only realize how they bore their children.
		-- G.B. Shaw
One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that
sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer
terror.
		-- W.K. Hartmann
In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.  So, I may
as well be me.  Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.
Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed in small amounts over a long
period of time.
		-- George Carlin
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity, no really
self-respecting woman would take advantage of it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "John Bull's Other Island"
(1) Alexander the Great was a great general.
(2) Great generals are forewarned.
(3) Forewarned is forearmed.
(4) Four is an even number.
(5) Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
(6) The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
	Therefore, all horses are black.
After 35 years, I have finished a comprehensive study of European
comparative law.  In Germany, under the law, everything is prohibited,
except that which is permitted.  In France, under the law, everything
is permitted, except that which is prohibited.  In the Soviet Union,
under the law, everything is prohibited, including that which is
permitted.  And in Italy, under the law, everything is permitted,
especially that which is prohibited.
		-- Newton Minow,
		Speech to the Association of American Law Schools, 1985
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
		-- Steven Wright
You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.
sunset, n.:
	Pronounced atmospheric scattering of shorter wavelengths,
	resulting in selective transmission below 650 nanometers with
	progressively reducing solar elevation.
I'm EMOTIONAL now because I have MERCHANDISING CLOUT!!
I do not find in orthodox Christianity one redeeming feature.
- Thomas Jefferson
Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.
When license fees are too high,
users do things by hand.
When the management is too intrusive,
users lose their spirit.

Hack for the user's benefit.
Trust them; leave them alone.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Indiana is a state dedicated to basketball.  Basketball, soybeans, hogs and
basketball.  Berkeley, needless to say, is not nearly as athletic.  Berkeley
is dedicated to coffee, angst, potholes and coffee.
		-- Carolyn Jones
I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America
and to the republic for which it stands,
one nation,
indivisible,
with liberty
and justice for all.
		-- Francis Bellamy, 1892
Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a cheering
squad and another paycheck.  When a woman marries, she gets a boarder.
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an
open doorway with an open mind.
		-- E.B. White
I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race, 
in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals.    
		-- Thoreau
A shapely CATHOLIC SCHOOLGIRL is FIDGETING inside my costume..
The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they seem to believe that
for a group of people to behave in a way detrimental to the common good
requires intent.
Kids have *_____never* taken guidance from their parents.  If you could
travel back in time and observe the original primate family in the
original tree, you would see the primate parents yelling at the primate
teenager for sitting around and sulking all day instead of hunting for
grubs and berries like dad primate.  Then you'd see the primate
teenager stomp up to his branch and slam the leaves.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"
Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's lead,
the rest bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.  I'm
a private eye.
		-- "Calvin & Hobbes"
quark:
	The sound made by a well bred duck.
I was working on a case.  It had to be a case, because I couldn't afford a
desk.  Then I saw her.  This tall blond lady.  She must have been tall
because I was on the third floor.  She rolled her deep blue eyes towards
me.  I picked them up and rolled them back.  We kissed.  She screamed.  I
took the cigarette from my mouth and kissed her again.
... in three to eight years we will have a machine with the general
intelligence of an average human being ... The machine will begin
to educate itself with fantastic speed.  In a few months it will be
at genius level and a few months after that its powers will be
incalculable ...
		-- Marvin Minsky, LIFE Magazine, November 20, 1970
"Lead us in a few words of silent prayer."
-- Bill Peterson, former Houston Oiler football coach
BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of `Scientific Creationism'.
Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
		-- Mel Brooks, "The Listener"
    ***
  *******
 *********
 ****** Confucious say: "Is stuffy inside fortune cookie."
  *******
    ***
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
		-- Gail Godwin
"The C Programming Language -- A language which combines the flexibility of
assembly language with the power of assembly language."
Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of
the person making the claim, not the critic.  It is not the responsibility
of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the
responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals
or colored lights never healed anyone.  The skeptic's role is to point out
claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidcence and to
provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with
the accepted body of scientific evidence.
		-- Thomas L. Creed, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII,
		   No. 2, pg. 215
Moebius always does it on the same side.
My God, I'm depressed!  Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times
as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending
mail about softball games.  And I've got this pain right through my ALU.
I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens.  I think it would
be better for us both if you were to just log out again.
Did you hear that there's a group of South American Indians that worship
the number zero?

Is nothing sacred?
QOTD:
	"Say, you look pretty athletic.  What say we put a pair of tennis
	shoes on you and run you into the wall?"
Men aren't attracted to me by my mind.  They're attracted by what I
don't mind...
		-- Gypsy Rose Lee
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
You will be divorced within a year.
Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.
Thank you for observing all safety precautions.
So as your consumer electronics adviser, I am advising you to donate your
current VCR to a grate resident, who will laugh sardonically and hurl it
into a dumpster.  Then I want you to go out and purchase a vast array of
8-millimeter video equipment.

... OK!  Got everything?  Well, *too bad, sucker*, because while you were
gone the electronics industry came up with an even newer format that makes
your 8-millimeter VCR look as technologically advanced as toenail dirt.
This format is called "3.5 hectare" and it will not be made available until
it is outmoded, sometime early next week, by a format called "Elroy", so
*order yours now*.
		-- Dave Barry, "No Surrender in the Electronics Revolution"
The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd.  The
man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt
But they went to MARS around 1953!!
Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.
It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
		-- Crazy Charlie
"Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with our new
Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process ..."
	Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins. He spent his
time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.  One day,
in a fit of inventive genius, he came up with a serum that would make
dolphins live forever!
	Of course he was ecstatic. But he soon realized that in order to mass
produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was
only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.  Carried
away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and
steal one of these birds.
	Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was
escaping from its cage.  The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began
combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down
on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
	Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his
bird.  He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he
stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his
car.  Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for
transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.
The departing division general manager met a last time with his young
successor and gave him three envelopes.  "My predecessor did this for me,
and I'll pass the tradition along to you," he said.  "At the first sign
of trouble, open the first envelope.  Any further difficulties, open the
second envelope.  Then, if problems continue, open the third envelope.
Good luck."  The new manager returned to his office and tossed the envelopes
into a drawer.
	Six months later, costs soared and earnings plummeted. Shaken, the
young man opened the first envelope, which said, "Blame it all on me."
	The next day, he held a press conference and did just that.  The
crisis passed.
	Six months later, sales dropped precipitously.  The beleagured
manager opened the second envelope.  It said, "Reorganize."
	He held another press conference, announcing that the division
would be restructured.  The crisis passed.
	A year later, everything went wrong at once and the manager was
blamed for all of it.  The harried executive closed his office door, sank
into his chair, and opened the third envelope.
	"Prepare three envelopes..." it said.
All your people must learn before you can reach for the stars.
		-- Kirk, "The Gamesters of Triskelion", stardate 3259.2
We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere
All is fear in love and war.
"...I could accept this openness, glasnost, perestroika, or whatever you want
to call it if they did these things: abolish the one party system; open the
Soviet frontier and allow Soviet people to travel freely; allow the Soviet
people to have real free enterprise; allow Western businessmen to do business
there, and permit freedom of speech and of the press.  But so far, the whole
country is like a concentration camp.  The barbed wire on the fence around
the Soviet Union is to keep people inside, in the dark.  This openness that
you are seeing, all these changes, are cosmetic and they have been designed
to impress shortsighted, naive, sometimes stupid Western leaders.  These
leaders gush over Gorbachev, hoping to do business with the Soviet Union or
appease it.  He will say: "Yes, we can do business!"  This while his
military machine in Afghanistan has killed over a million people out of a
population of 17 million.  Can you imagine that?
-- Victor Belenko, MiG-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976
   "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 110
The streets were dark with something more than night.
		-- Raymond Chandler
A man of genius makes no mistakes.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
		-- James Joyce, "Ulysses"
Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed 
to be doing at the moment.
		-- Robert Benchley
HOW YOU CAN TELL THAT IT'S GOING TO BE A ROTTEN DAY:
	#32: You call your answering service and they've never heard of you.
The time was the 19th of May, 1780.  The place was Hartford, Connecticut.
The day has gone down in New England history as a terrible foretaste of
Judgement Day.  For at noon the skies turned from blue to grey and by
mid-afternoon had blackened over so densely that, in that religious age,
men fell on their knees and begged a final blessing before the end came.
The Connecticut House of Representatives was in session.  And, as some of
the men fell down and others clamored for an immediate adjournment, the
Speaker of the House, one Col. Davenport, came to his feet.  He silenced
them and said these words: "The day of judgment is either approaching or
it is not.  If it is not, there is no cause for adjournment.  If it is, I
choose to be found doing my duty.  I wish therefore that candles may be
brought."
		-- Alistair Cooke
If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.
MARTA WAS WATCHING THE FOOTBALL GAME with me when she said, "You know most
of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its
territory from invasion by another group."

"Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh.  Girls are funny.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
		-- J.J. Gibson
I am a computer. I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.
Ever wonder why fire engines are red?

Because newspapers are read too.
Two and Two is four.
Four and four is eight.
Eight and four is twelve.
There are twelve inches in a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ship.
Ships sail the sea.
There are fishes in the sea.
Fishes have fins.
The Finns fought the Russians.
Russians are red.
Fire engines are always rush'n.
Therefore fire engines are red.
And the crowd was stilled.  One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence,
turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said.  Wide-eyed,
the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no
clothes!  He is naked!"
		-- "The Emperor's New Clothes"
In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room
humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network
anyway.
		-- The 5th Wave
OS/2 Skyways:
The terminal is almost empty, with only a few prospective passengers milling
about. The announcer says that their flight has just departed, wishes them a
good flight, though there are no planes on the runway. Airline personnel
walk around, apologising profusely to customers in hushed voices, pointing
from time to time to the sleek, powerful jets outside the terminal on the
field. They tell each passenger how good the real flight will be on these
new jets and how much safer it will be than Windows Airlines, but that they
will have to wait a little longer for the technicians to finish the flight
systems. Maybe until mid-1995. Maybe longer.
Never argue with a woman when she's tired -- or rested.
You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty spray paint cans
in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.
Nothing recedes like success.
		-- Walter Winchell
QOTD:
	"I've got one last thing to say before I go; give me back
	all of my stuff."
He who slings mud generally loses ground.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Hackers of the world, unite!
One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't
understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was
reknowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the
time, which obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be
puzzled rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
To give happiness is to deserve happiness.
Work was impossible.  The geeks had broken my spirit.  They had done too
many things wrong.  It was never like this for Mencken.  He lived like
a Prussian gambler -- sweating worse than Bryan on some nights and drunker
than Judas on others.  It was all a dehumanized nightmare...and these
raddled cretins have the gall to complain about my deadlines.
-- Hunter Thompson, "Bad Nerves in Fat City", _Generation of Swine_
The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
		-- H.G. Wells
"He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental effort,
he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable perversion."
-- Mick Farren, _When Gravity Fails_
Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing - and that was
the closest our country has ever been to being even.
	-- The Best of Will Rogers
Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.  It knows it must run faster
than the fastest lion or it will be killed.  Every morning a lion wakes up.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes
up, you'd better be running.
There you go man,
Keep as cool as you can.
It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave.
Keep on being free!
Many people feel that if you won't let them make you happy, they'll make you
suffer.
Yesterday upon the stair
I met a man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today --
I think he's from the CIA.
The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
You can move the world with an idea, but you have to think of it first.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
		-- Michelangelo
===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Bug reports now amount to an average of 12,853 per day.  Unfortunately,
this is only a small fraction [ < 1% ] of the mail volume we receive.  In
order that we may more expeditiously deal with these valuable messages,
please communicate them by one of the following paths:

	ARPA:  WastebasketSLMHQ.ARPA
	UUCP:  [berkeley, seismo, harpo]!fubar!thekid!slmhq!wastebasket
 	Non-network sites:  Federal Express to:
		Wastebasket
		Room NE43-926
		Copernicus, The Moon, 12345-6789
	For that personal contact feeling call 1-415-642-4948; our trained
	operators are on call 24 hours a day.  VISA/MC accepted.*

* Our very rich lawyers have assured us that we are not 
  responsible for any errors or advice given over the phone.
The way I understand it, the Russians are sort of a combination of evil and
incompetence... sort of like the Post Office with tanks.
		-- Emo Philips
"Don't tell me I'm burning the candle at both ends -- tell me where to
get more wax!!"
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?
Dear Freshman,
	You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but
unknown to you we have something in common.  We are both rather
prone to mistakes.  I was elected Student Government President by
mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.
Better late than never.
		-- Titus Livius (Livy)
The church is near but the road is icy; the bar is far away but I will
walk carefully.
		-- Russian Proverb
"Plan to throw one away.  You will anyway."
- Fred Brooks, "The Mythical Man Month"
Marriage is based on the theory that when a man discovers a brand of beer
exactly to his taste he should at once throw up his job and go to work
in the brewery.
		-- George Jean Nathan
Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.
The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she knows
that the average man can see much better than he can think.
		-- Ladies' Home Journal
You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
		-- Janis Joplin
The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have
answered themselves.
		-- Arthur Binstead
We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little,
that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
I have never understood this liking for war.  It panders to instincts
already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic establishment.
		-- Alan Bennett
When in this world the headlines read
Of those whose hearts are filled with greed
Who rob and steal from those who need
The cry goes up with blinding speed for Underdog (UNDERDOG!)
Underdog (UNDERDOG!)
Speed of lightning, roar of thunder
Fighting all who rob or plunder
Underdog (ah-ah-ah-ah)
Underdog
UNDERDOG!
Micro Credo:
	Never trust a computer bigger than you can lift.
Sometimes, too long is too long.
- Joe Crowe
Gray's Law of Programming:
	`_n+1' trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same
	time as `_n' tasks.

Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law:
	`_n+1' trivial tasks take twice as long as `_n' trivial tasks.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain
Random, n.:
	As in number, predictable.  As in memory access, unpredictable.
	A novice asked the master: "In the east there is a great tree-structure
that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'.  It is bloated out of shape with
vice-presidents and accountants.  It issues a multitude of memos, each saying
'Go, Hence!' or 'Go, Hither!' and nobody knows what is meant.  Every year new
names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail.  How can such an
unnatural entity exist?"
	The master replies: "You perceive this immense structure and are
disturbed that it has no rational purpose.  Can you not take amusement from
its endless gyrations?  Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming
beneath its sheltering branches?  Why are you bothered by its uselessness?"
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.
		-- Marie Antoinette
If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start
coming in late and lying about it.
A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"
The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.  Let the reader
catch his own breath.
		-- Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart
It is so stupid of modern civilisation to have given up believing in the
devil when he is the only explanation of it.
		-- Ronald Knox, "Let Dons Delight"
I'd like some JUNK FOOD ... and then I want to be ALONE --
Things past redress and now with me past care.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
Love sometimes expresses itself in sacrifice.
		-- Kirk, "Metamorphosis", stardate 3220.3
Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
		-- John Lyly
Authentic:
	Indubitably true, in somebody's opinion.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
		-- Frank Moore Colby
"Oh, 'Melia, my dear, this does everything crown!
Who could have supposed I should meet you in Town?
And whence such fair garments such prosperi-ty?"
"Oh, didn't you know I'd been ruined?" said she.

"You left us in tatters, without shoes or socks,
Tired of digging potatoes, and spudding up docks;
And now you've gay bracelets and bright feathers three!"
"Yes: That's how we dress when we're ruined," said she.

"At home in the barton you said `thee' and `thou,'
And `thik oon' and `theas oon' and `t'other;' but now
Your talking quite fits 'ee for compa-ny!"
"Some polish is gained with one's ruin," said she.

"Your hands were like paws then, your face blue and bleak
But now I'm bewitched by your delicate cheek,
And your little gloves fit like as on any la-dy!"
"We never do work when we're ruined," said she.

"You used to call home-life a hag-ridden dream,
And you'd sigh, and you'd sock; but at present you seem
To know not of megrims or melancho-ly!"
"True.  One's pretty lively when ruined," said she.

"I wish I had feathers, a fine sweeping gown,
And a delicate face, and could strut about Town!"
"My dear--a raw country girl, such as you be,
Cannot quite expect that.  You ain't ruined," said she.
		--Thomas Hardy
I have a very strange feeling about this...
		-- Luke Skywalker
We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the
bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster.  It seems
almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the
oyster.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Surprise!  You are the lucky winner of random I.R.S. Audit!  Just type
in your name and social security number.  Please remember that leaving
the room is punishable under law:

Name
#
But it does move!
		-- Galileo Galilei
	It seems these two guys, George and Harry, set out in a Hot Air
balloon to cross the United States.  After forty hours in the air, George
turned to Harry, and said, "Harry, I think we've drifted off course!  We
need to find out where we are."
	Harry cools the air in the balloon, and they descend to below the
cloud cover.  Slowly drifting over the countryside, George spots a man
standing below them and yells out, "Excuse me!  Can you please tell me
where we are?"
	The man on the ground yells back, "You're in a balloon, approximately
fifty feet in the air!"
	George turns to Harry and says, "Well, that man *must* be a lawyer".
	Replies Harry, "How can you tell?".
	"Because the information he gave us is 100% accurate, and totally
useless!"

That's the end of The Joke, but for you people who are still worried about
George and Harry: they end up in the drink, and make the front page of the
New York Times: "Balloonists Soaked by Lawyer".
Only two kinds of witnesses exist.  The first live in a neighborhood where
a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything
or even heard a shot.  The second category are the neighbors of anyone who
happens to be accused of the crime.  These have always looked out of their
windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing
peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
		-- Sicilian police officer
It does not matter if you fall down as long as you pick up something
from the floor while you get up.
Nothing happens.
I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20
years ago.  When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors
would eventually be in the millions, someone else said, "Where are they
all going to go? It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!"

Years later, I went back to the same hotel.  I noticed the room keys had
been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors.

There was a computer in every doorknob.
	-- Danny Hillis
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #52:

Q:  What is your name?
A:  Ernestine McDowell.
Q:  And what is your marital status?
A:  Fair.
Q:	Why did the germ cross the microscope?
A:	To get to the other slide.
Bus error -- please leave by the rear door.
Matrimony is the root of all evil.
Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #2.

^Cu tiu loko estas okupita?		Is this seat taken?
^Cu vi ofte venas ^ci-tien?		Do you come here often?
^Cu mi povas havi via telelonnumeron?	May I have your phone number?
Mi estas komputilisto.			I work with computers.
Mi legas multe da scienca fikcio.	I read a lot of science fiction.
^Cu necesas ke vi eliras?		Do you really have to be going?
Did you hear that there's a group of South American Indians that worship
the number zero?

Is nothing sacred?
The Great Movie Posters:

KATHERINE HEPBURN as the lying, stealing, singing, preying witch girl
of the Ozarks... "Low down white trash"?  Maybe so -- but let her hear
you say it and she'll break your head to prove herself a lady!
		-- Spitfire (1934)

Do Native Women Live With Apes?
		-- Love Life of a Gorilla (1937)

JUNGLE KISS!!
	When she looked into his eyes, felt his arms around her -- she
was no longer Tura, mysterious white goddess of the jungle tribes --
she was no longer the frozen-hearted high priestess under whose hypnotic
spell the worshippers of the great crocodile god meekly bowed -- she
was a girl in love!
	SEE the ravening charge of the hundred scared CROCODILES!
		-- Her Jungle Love (1938)

LOVE! HATE! JOY! FEAR! TORMENT! PANIC! SHAME! RAGE!
		-- Intermezzo (1939)
This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible.  This was terrible
with raisins in it.
		-- Dorothy Parker
I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.
It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more
doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of
a new system.  For the initiator has the emnity of all who would profit
by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders
in those who would gain by the new ones.
		-- Niccolo Machiavelli, 1513
"Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is 
shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods."
-- Albert Einstein
What is mind?  No matter.  What is matter?  Never mind.
		-- Thomas Hewitt Key, 1799-1875
Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
		-- Mark Twain
My father taught me three things:
	(1) Never mix whiskey with anything but water.
	(2) Never try to draw to an inside straight.
	(3) Never discuss business with anyone who refuses to give his name.
You are always busy.
A certain old cat had made his home in the alley behind Gabe's bar for some
time, subsisting on scraps and occasional handouts from the bartender.  One
evening, emboldened by hunger, the feline attempted to follow Gabe through
the back door.  Regrettably, only the his body had made it through when
the door slammed shut, severing the cat's tail at its base.  This proved too
much for the old creature, who looked sadly at Gabe and expired on the spot.
	Gabe put the carcass back out in the alley and went back to business.
The mandatory closing time arrived and Gabe was in the process of locking up
after the last customers had gone.  Approaching the back door he was startled
to see an apparition of the old cat mournfully holding its severed tail out,
silently pleading for Gabe to put the tail back on its corpse so that it could
go on to the kitty afterworld complete.
	Gabe shook his head sadly and said to the ghost, "I can't.  You know
the law -- no retailing spirits after 2:00 AM."
Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill them.
An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.
The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone
Q:	What happens when four WASPs find themselves in the same room?
A:	A dinner party.
"IBM uses what I like to call the 'hole-in-the-ground technique' 
to destroy the competition..... IBM digs a big HOLE in the 
ground and covers it with leaves. It then puts a big POT 
OF GOLD nearby. Then it gives the call, 'Hey, look at all 
this gold, get over here fast.' As soon as the competitor 
approaches the pot, he falls into the pit"
- John C. Dvorak
You have a message from the operator.
To have died once is enough.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
Work was impossible.  The geeks had broken my spirit.  They had done too
many things wrong.  It was never like this for Mencken.  He lived like
a Prussian gambler -- sweating worse than Bryan on some nights and drunker
than Judas on others.  It was all a dehumanized nightmare...and these
raddled cretins have the gall to complain about my deadlines.
-- Hunter Thompson, "Bad Nerves in Fat City", _Generation of Swine_
Any great truth can -- and eventually will -- be expressed as a cliche --
a cliche is a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my
grandmother used to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the fence."
I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly true.
		-- Solomon Short
As I was walking down the street one dark and dreary day,
I came upon a billboard and much to my dismay,
The words were torn and tattered,
From the storm the night before,
The wind and rain had done its work and this is how it goes,

Smoke Coca-Cola cigarettes, chew Wrigleys Spearmint beer,
Ken-L-Ration dog food makes your complexion clear,
Simonize your baby in a Hershey candy bar,
And Texaco's a beauty cream that's used by every star.

Take your next vacation in a brand new Frigedaire,
Learn to play the piano in your winter underwear,
Doctors say that babies should smoke until they're three,
And people over sixty-five should bathe in Lipton tea.
Nine megs for the secretaries fair,
Seven megs for the hackers scarce,
Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs,
Three megs for system source;

One disk to rule them all,
One disk to bind them,
One disk to hold the files
And in the darkness grind 'em.
I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.
Nothing endures but change.
		-- Heraclitus
Hmmm ... an arrogant bouquet with a subtle suggestion of POLYVINYL
CHLORIDE ...
This restaurant was advertising breakfast any time. So I ordered
french toast in the renaissance.
- Steven Wright, comedian
Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
		-- Han Solo
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.
A hypothetical paradox:
	What would happen in a battle between an Enterprise security team,
	who always get killed soon after appearing, and a squad of Imperial
	Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
		-- Tom Galloway
Go directly to jail.  Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.
Why is it that when you DIE, you can't take your HOME ENTERTAINMENT
CENTER with you??
court, n.:
	A place where they dispense with justice.
		-- Arthur Train
Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.
The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the dead on the beach.
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
By perseverance the snail reached the Ark.
		-- Charles Spurgeon
The perfect friend sees the best in you -- sees it constantly -- not just
when you occasionally are that way, but also when you waver, when you
forget yourself, act like less than you are. In time, you become more
like his vision of you -- which is the person you have always wanted to be.
		-- Nancy Friday
 U       X
e dUdX, e dX, cosine, secant, tangent, sine, 3.14159...
If you stick your head in the sand, one thing is for sure, you're gonna
get your rear kicked.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
"If it's not loud, it doesn't work!"
-- Blank Reg, from "Max Headroom"
I never deny, I never contradict.  I sometimes forget.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli, British PM, on dealing with the
		   Royal Family
Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you
fall flat on your face.
		-- Dr. L. Binder
Hey, waiter!  I want a NEW SHIRT and a PONY TAIL with lemon sauce!
What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
		-- William Blake
If one studies too zealously, one easily loses his pants.
		-- A. Einstein.
A fitter fits;				Though sinners sin
A cutter cuts;				And thinners thin
And an aircraft spotter spots;		And paper-blotters blot
A baby-sitter				I've never yet
Baby-sits --				Had letters let
But an otter never ots.			Or seen an otter ot.

A batter bats
(Or scatters scats);
A potting shed's for potting;
But no one's found
A bounder bound
Or caught an otter otting.
		-- Ralph Lewin
	Two parent drops spent months teaching their son how to be part of the
ocean.  After months of training, the father drop commented to the mother drop,
"We've taught our boy everything we know, he's fit to be tide."
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
		-- Art Hoppe
	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger
There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can not make a little
worse and sell a little cheaper.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.
Stay together, drag each other down.
Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars, and Pluto, but not necessarily in
that order.
		-- Jeffrey Honig
When my brain begins to reel from my literary labors, I make an occasional
cheese dip.
		-- Ignatius Reilly
Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
		-- G.H. Gonnet
The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
		-- David Lardner
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an
open doorway with an open mind.
		-- E.B. White
Wilcox's Law:
	A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Now I lay me down to sleep,
I pray the Lord my soul to keep,
If I should die before I wake,
I'll cry in anguish, "Mistake!!  Mistake!!"
It's the thought, if any, that counts!
I went to a Grateful Dead Concert and they played for SEVEN hours.  Great song.
		-- Fred Reuss
vuja de:
	The feeling that you've *never*, *ever* been in this situation before.
Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis.

It makes sense, when you don't think about it.
Now, if the leaders of the world -- people who are leaders by virtue of 
political, military or financial power, and not necessarily wisdom or
consideration for mankind -- if these leaders manage not to pull us
over the brink into planetary suicide, despite their occasional pompous
suggestions that they may feel obliged to do so, we may survive beyond
1988.  
-- George Rostky, EE Times, June 20, 1988 p. 45
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite
of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
		-- Niels Bohr
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night
to write.
		-- Saul Bellow
Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.
Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
		-- Cornelia Otis Skinner
QOTD:
	"You're so dumb you don't even have wisdom teeth."
I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.  I
asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career of a
robber.
		-- Tiburcio Vasquez
AMAZING BUT TRUE ...
	There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it
	would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
A fool and his money are soon popular.
> The day people think linux would be better served by somebody else (FSF
> being the natural alternative), I'll "abdicate".  I don't think that
> it's something people have to worry about right now - I don't see it
> happening in the near future.  I enjoy doing linux, even though it does
> mean some work, and I haven't gotten any complaints (some almost timid
> reminders about a patch I have forgotten or ignored, but nothing
> negative so far).
>
> Don't take the above to mean that I'll stop the day somebody complains:
> I'm thick-skinned (Lasu, who is reading this over my shoulder commented
> that "thick-HEADED is closer to the truth") enough to take some abuse.
> If I weren't, I'd have stopped developing linux the day ast ridiculed me
> on c.o.minix.  What I mean is just that while linux has been my baby so
> far, I don't want to stand in the way if people want to make something
> better of it (*).
>
>                 Linus
>
> (*) Hey, maybe I could apply for a saint-hood from the Pope.  Does
> somebody know what his email-address is? I'm so nice it makes you puke.
(Taken from Linus's reply to someone worried about the future of Linux)
... Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of
the person making the claim, not the critic.  It is not the responsibility
of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the
responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals
or colored lights never healed anyone.  The skeptic's role is to point out
claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidcence and to
provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with
the accepted body of scientific evidence. ...
- Thomas L. Creed, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, pg. 215
FORTUNE'S FAVORITE RECIPES: #8
	Christmas Rum Cake

1 or 2 quarts rum		1 tbsp. baking powder
1 cup butter			1 tsp. soda
1 tsp. sugar			1 tbsp. lemon juice
2 large eggs			2 cups brown sugar
2 cups dried assorted fruit	3 cups chopped English walnuts

Before you start, sample the rum to check for quality.  Good, isn't it?  Now
select a large mixing bowl, measuring cup, etc.  Check the rum again.  It
must be just right.  Be sure the rum is of the highest quality.  Pour one cup
of rum into a glass and drink it as fast as you can.  Repeat. With an electric
mixer, beat one cup butter in a large fluffy bowl.  Add 1 seaspoon of tugar
and beat again.  Meanwhile, make sure the rum teh absolutely highest quality.
Sample another cup.  Open second quart as necessary.  Add 2 orge laggs, 2 cups
of fried druit and beat untill high.  If the fried druit gets stuck in the
beaters, just pry it loose with a screwdriver.  Sample the rum again, checking
for toncisticity.  Next sift 3 cups of baking powder, a pinch of rum, a
seaspoon of toda and a cup of pepper or salt (it really doesn't matter).
Sample some more.  Sift 912 pint of lemon juice.  Fold in schopped butter and
strained chups.  Add bablespoon of brown gugar, or whatever color you have.
Mix mell.  Grease oven and turn cake pan to 350 gredees and rake until
poothtick comes out crean.
Certain passages in several laws have always defied interpretation and the
most inexplicable must be a matter of opinion.  A judge of the Court of
Session of Scotland has sent the editors of this book his candidate which
reads, "In the Nuts (unground), (other than ground nuts) Order, the expression
nuts shall have reference to such nuts, other than ground nuts, as would
but for this amending Order not qualify as nuts (unground) (other than ground
nuts) by reason of their being nuts (unground)."
		-- Guiness Book of World Records, 1973
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
		-- Mark Twain
Elliptic paraboloids for sale.
It's fabulous!  We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
		-- Macy's
Watching girls go passing by
It ain't the latest thing
I'm just standing in a doorway
I'm just trying to make some sense
Out of these girls passing by		A smile relieves the heart that grieves
The tales they tell of men		Remember what I said
I'm not waiting on a lady		I'm not waiting on a lady
I'm just waiting on a friend		I'm just waiting on a friend
...
Don't need a whore
Don't need no booze
Don't need a virgin priest		Ooh, making love and breaking hearts
But I need someone I can cry to		It is a game for youth
I need someone to protect		But I'm not waiting on a lady
					I'm just waiting on a friend
					I'm just waiting on a friend
		-- Rolling Stones, "Waiting on a Friend"
I came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys...and 
the building started up.  So I took it out for a drive.  A cop pulled me over 
for speeding.  He asked me where I live... "Right here".
-- Steven Wright
Everything you read in newspapers is absolutely true, except for that
rare story of which you happen to have first-hand knowledge.
		-- Erwin Knoll
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the
places they do today.
		-- Will Rogers
Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
It doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of God who watches
over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow
His precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that.  On the
other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their
religions.
		-- Benjamin Spock
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.
It was the Law of the Sea, they said.  Civilization ends at the waterline.
Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
The little girl expects no declaration of tenderness from her doll.
She loves it -- and that's all.  It is thus that we should love.
		-- DeGourmont
The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own hand.
		-- Fred Allen
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
"Our journey toward the stars has progressed swiftly.

In 1926 Robert H. Goddard launched the first liquid-propelled rocket,
achieving an altitude of 41 feet.  In 1962 John Glenn orbited the earth.

In 1969, only 66 years after Orville Wright flew two feet off the ground
for 12 seconds, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and I rocketed to the moon
in Apollo 11."
-- Michael Collins
   Former astronaut and past Director of the National Air and Space Museum
Last night I met upon the stair
A little man who wasn't there.
He wasn't there again today.
Gee how I wish he'd go away!
Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to
shoot some craps.  The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable.
	When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his
entire wad, shook the dice and rolled.  A smile crossed his face as a
seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out
of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others.  No one said a
word.  Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket
and handed the others to Dutsky.
	"Roll 'em," Lucci said.  "Your point is thirteen."
How apt the poor are to be proud.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Twelfth-Night"
The universe is an island, surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds
universes.
The late rebellion in Massachusetts has given more alarm than I think it 
should have done.  Calculate that one rebellion in 13 states in the course 
of 11 years, is but one for each state in a century and a half.  No country 
should be so long without one.
-- Thomas Jefferson in letter to James Madison, 20 December 1787
Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt of all the others, and then
do what's best.
		-- Lovers and Other Strangers
No proper program contains an indication which as an operator-applied
occurrence identifies an operator-defining occurrence which as an
indication-applied occurrence identifies an indication-defining occurrence
different from the one identified by the given indication as an
indication-applied occurrence.
		-- ALGOL 68 Report
Gee, Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
		-- Lily Tomlin
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
		-- Goethe
Sally:	C'mon, Ted, all I'm asking you to do is share your feelings
	with me.
Ted:	ALL?  Do you realize what you're asking?  Men aren't trained
	to share.  We're trained to protect ourselves by not
	letting anyone too close.  Good grief, if I go around
	sharing everything with you, you could hang me out to dry.
Sally:	It's called "trust," Ted.
Ted:	"Sharing"?  "Trust"?  You're really asking me to sail into
	uncharted waters here.
		-- Sally Forth
It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
		-- Tom Lehrer, "Poisoning Pigeons in the Park"
Marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it.
		-- Baskins
No evil can happen to a good man.
		-- Plato
One of the rules of Busmanship, New York style, is never surrender your
seat to another passenger.  This may seem callous, but it is the best
way, really.  If one passenger were to give a seat to someone who fainted
in the aisle, say, the others on the bus would become disoriented and
imagine they were in Topeka Kansas.
"There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy 
to make low income parents' lives a misery."
"... I want you to picture the trusting face of a child,
streaked with tears because of what you just said."
"I want you to picture the face of its mother, because one
week's dole won't pay for one Master of the Universe
Battlecruiser!"
- Filthy Rich and Catflap, 1986.
"Regardless of the legal speed limit, your Buick must be operated at
speeds faster than 85 MPH (140kph)."
-- 1987 Buick Grand National owners manual.
A woman, especially if she have the misfortune of knowing anything,
should conceal it as well as she can.
		-- Jane Austen
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
		-- Publilius Syrus
No man can have a reasonable opinion of women until he has long lost
interest in hair restorers.
	-- Austin O'Malley
FORTUNE'S GUIDE TO DEALING WITH REAL-LIFE SCIENCE FICTION: #2
What to do...
    if you get a phone call from Mars:
	Speak slowly and be sure to enunciate your words properly.  Limit
	your vocabulary to simple words.  Try to determine if you are
	speaking to someone in a leadership capacity, or an ordinary citizen.

    if he, she or it doesn't speak English?
	Hang up.  There's no sense in trying to learn Martian over the phone.
	If your Martian really had something important to say to you, he, she
	or it would have taken the trouble to learn the language before
	calling.

    if you get a phone call from Jupiter?
	Explain to your caller, politely but firmly, that being from Jupiter,
	he, she or it is not "life as we know it".  Try to terminate the
	conversation as soon as possible.  It will not profit you, and the
	charges may have been reversed.
fortune: cannot execute.  Out of cookies.
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in
the milk.
		-- Thoreau
Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
		-- Plato
Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
		-- John Cougar, "Jack and Diane"
Life is both difficult and time consuming.
Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous
There's nothing remarkable about it.  All one has to do is hit the right
keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
		-- J.S. Bach
"Remember Kruschev:  he tried to do too many things too fast, and he was 
removed in disgrace.  If Gorbachev tries to destroy the system or make too
many fundamental changes to it, I believe the system will get rid of him.
I am not a political scientist, but I understand the system very well.
I believe he will have a "heart attack" or retire or be removed.  He is
up against a brick wall.  If you think they will change everything and
become a free, open society, forget it!"
-- Victor Belenko, MiG-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976
   "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 110
"Live or die, I'll make a million."
-- Reebus Kneebus, before his jump to the center of the earth, Firesign Theater
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
		-- Mark Twain
program, n.:
	Any task that can't be completed in one telephone call or one
	day.  Once a task is defined as a program ("training program,"
	"sales program," or "marketing program"), its implementation
	always justifies hiring at least three more people.
A selection from the Taoist Writings:

"Lao-Tan asked Confucius: `What do you mean by benevolence and righteousness?'
 Confucius said:  `To be in one's inmost heart in kindly sympathy with all 
 things; to love all men and allow no selfish thoughts: this is the nature
 of benevolence and righteousness.'"
-- Kwang-tzu
A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!
UH-OH!!  I put on "GREAT HEAD-ON TRAIN COLLISIONS of the 50's" by
mistake!!!
A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!
	[From the fury of the norsemen deliver us, O Lord!]
		-- Medieval prayer
The most happy marriage I can imagine to myself would be the union
of a deaf man to a blind woman.
		-- Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
		-- William Faulkner
To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus
I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable
to sit still in a room.
		-- Blaise Pascal
Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their
life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.
		-- Roger Rapoport, "Programs for Plunder", Omni, March 1981
"The Schizophrenic: An Unauthorized Autobiography"
Life is a serious burden, which no thinking, humane person would
wantonly inflict on someone else.
		-- Clarence Darrow
The evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand
years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man
is and will always be a wild animal.
-- Charles Galton Darwin
The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
		-- Judge Harold T. Stone
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure
to be thought so.
Beware the new TTY code!
I'm glad I was not born before tea.
		-- Sidney Smith (1771-1845)
The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,
	Moves on: nor all they Piety nor Wit
Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line,
	Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.
Maybe we could paint GOLDIE HAWN a rich PRUSSIAN BLUE --
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
	-- Lily Tomlin
Got a wife and kids in Baltimore Jack,
I went out for a ride and never came back.
Like a river that don't know where it's flowing,
I took a wrong turn and I just kept going.

	Everybody's got a hungry heart.
	Everybody's got a hungry heart.
	Lay down your money and you play your part,
	Everybody's got a hungry heart.

I met her in a Kingstown bar,
We fell in love, I knew it had to end.
We took what we had and we ripped it apart,
Now here I am down in Kingstown again.

Everybody needs a place to rest,
Everybody wants to have a home.
Don't make no difference what nobody says,
Ain't nobody likes to be alone.
		-- Bruce Springsteen, "Hungry Heart"
	A crow perched himself on a telephone wire.  He was going to make a
long-distance caw.
Ho! Tom Bombadil, Tom Bombadillo!
By water, wood and hill, by reed and willow,
By fire, sun and moon, harken now and hear us!
Come, Tom Bombadil, for our need is near us!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
Those lovable Brits department:
	They also have trouble pronouncing `vitamin'.
Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
		-- Robert Moses
The Angels want to wear my red shoes.
		-- E. Costello
Humor in the Court:
Q.  What is your brother-in-law's name?
A.  Borofkin.
Q.  What's his first name?
A.  I can't remember.
Q.  He's been your brother-in-law for years, and you can't remember his first 
    name?
A.  No.  I tell you I'm too excited. (Rising from the witness chair and
    pointing to Mr. Borofkin.) Nathan, for God's sake, tell them your first
    name!
If one studies too zealously, one easily loses his pants.
		-- A. Einstein.
Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
Ducharme's Precept:
	Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.

Ducharme's Axiom:
	If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize
	yourself as part of the problem.
The world has many unintentionally cruel mechanisms that are not
designed for people who walk on their hands.
		-- John Irving, "The World According to Garp"
Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove:
O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
If this be error and upon me proved,
I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
Please don't recommend me to your friends-- it's difficult enough to
cope with you alone.
The Worst American Poet
	Julia Moore, "the Sweet Singer of Michigan" (1847-1920) was so bad that
Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years.
	Her verse was mainly concerned with violent death -- the great fire
of Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her pen.
	Whether death was by drowning, by fits or by runaway sleigh, the
formula was the same:
		Have you heard of the dreadful fate
		Of Mr. P.P. Bliss and wife?
		Of their death I will relate,
		And also others lost their life
		(in the) Ashbula Bridge disaster,
		Where so many people died.
	Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems,
the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a
river or struck by lightning.  A critic of the day said she was "worse than
a Gatling gun" and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded.
	Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even
suggesting that the sweet singer was "semi-literate".  Her reply was
forthright: "The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went
beyond reason."  She added that "literary work is very difficult to do".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
Why do they call it baby-SITTING when all you do is run after them?
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Matz's Law:
	A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
"The most important thing in a man is not what he knows, but what he is."
-- Narciso Yepes
If you continually give you will continually have.
But I always fired into the nearest hill or, failing that, into blackness.
I meant no harm;  I just liked the explosions.  And I was careful never to
kill more than I could eat.
		-- Raoul Duke
"Be *excellent* to each other."
-- Bill, or Ted, in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure
He's dead, Jim.
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
Quick, sing me the BUDAPEST NATIONAL ANTHEM!!
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for
peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being
ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll
say it was obvious all along.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt
%DCL-MEM-BAD, bad memory
VMS-F-PDGERS, pudding between the ears
The salary of the chief executive of the large corporation is not a market
award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal
gesture by the individual to himself.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith, "Annals of an Abiding Liberal"
Madison's Inquiry:
	If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?
Tallulah Bankhead barged down the Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
		-- John Mason Brown, drama critic
blithwapping:
	Using anything BUT a hammer to hammer a nail into the
	wall, such as shoes, lamp bases, doorstops, etc.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
I can mend the break of day, heal a broken heart, and provide temporary
relief to nymphomaniacs.
		-- Larry Lee
Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
		-- Edouard Le Berquier, "Pensees des Autres"
One bright Sunday morning, in the shadows of the steeple,
By the Relief Office, I seen my people;
As they stood there hungry, I stood there whistling,
This land was made for you and me.

Nobody living can ever stop me,
As I go walking that freedom highway;
Nobody living can ever make me turn back,
This land was made for you and me.

As I went walking, I saw a sign there,
And on the sign it said: "No Trespassing."
But on the other side, it didn't say nothing,
That side was made for you and me.
		-- Woody Guthrie, "This Land Is Your Land" (verses 4, 6, 7)
	[If you ever wondered why Arlo was so anti-establishment when his dad
	 wrote such wonderful patriotic songs, the answer is that you haven't
	 heard all of Woody's songs]
The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that
he is already degraded.
		-- George Orwell
I just had my entire INTESTINAL TRACT coated with TEFLON!
To be happy one must be a) well fed, unhounded by sordid cares, at ease in
Zion, b) full of a comfortable feeling of superiority to the masses of one's
fellow men, and c) delicately and unceasingly amused according to one's taste.
It is my contention that, if this definition be accepted, there is no country
in the world wherein a man constituted as I am -- a man of my peculiar
weaknesses, vanities, appetites, and aversions -- can be so happy as he can
be in the United States.  Going further, I lay down the doctrine that it is
a sheer physical impossibility for such a man to live in the United States
and not be happy.
		-- H.L. Mencken, "On Being An American"
HOGAN'S HEROES DRINKING GAME --
	Take a shot every time:

-- Sergeant Schultz says, "I knoooooowww nooooothing!"
-- General Burkhalter or Major Hochstetter intimidate/insult Colonel Klink.
-- Colonel Klink falls for Colonel Hogan's flattery.
-- One of the prisoners sneaks out of camp (one shot for each prisoner to go).
-- Colonel Klink snaps to attention after answering the phone (two shots
	if it's one of our heroes on the other end).
-- One of the Germans is threatened with being sent to the Russian front.
-- Corporal Newkirk calls up a German in his phoney German accent, and
	tricks him (two shots if it's Colonel Klink).
-- Hogan has a romantic interlude with a beautiful girl from the underground.
-- Colonel Klink relates how he's never had an escape from Stalag 13.
-- Sergeant Schultz gives up a secret (two shots if he's bribed with food).
-- The prisoners listen to the Germans' conversation by a hidden transmitter.
-- Sergeant Schultz "captures" one of the prisoners after an escape.
-- Lebeau pronounces "colonel" as "cuh-loh-`nell".
-- Carter builds some kind of device (two shots if it's not explosive).
-- Lebeau wears his apron.
-- Hogan says "We've got no choice" when someone claims that the plan is
	impossible.
-- The prisoners capture an important German, and sneak him out the tunnel.
One day this guy is finally fed up with his middle-class existence and
decides to do something about it.  He calls up his best friend, who is a
mathematical genius.  "Look," he says, "do you suppose you could find some
way mathematically of guaranteeing winning at the race track?  We could
make a lot of money and retire and enjoy life."  The mathematician thinks
this over a bit and walks away mumbling to himself.
	A week later his friend drops by to ask the genius if he's had any
success.  The genius, looking a little bleary-eyed, replies, "Well, yes,
actually I do have an idea, and I'm reasonably sure that it will work, but
there a number of details to be figured out.
	After the second week the mathematician appears at his friend's house,
looking quite a bit rumpled, and announces, "I think I've got it! I still have
some of the theory to work out, but now I'm certain that I'm on the right
track."
	At the end of the third week the mathematician wakes his friend by
pounding on his door at three in the morning.  He has dark circles under his
eyes.  His hair hasn't been combed for many days.  He appears to be wearing
the same clothes as the last time.  He has several pencils sticking out from
behind his ears and an almost maniacal expression on his face.  "WE CAN DO
IT!  WE CAN DO IT!!" he shrieks. "I have discovered the perfect solution!!
And it's so EASY!  First, we assume that horses are perfect spheres in simple
harmonic motion..."
Your code should be more efficient!
I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost
Alea iacta est.
	[The die is cast]
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar
Computer science:
	(1) A study akin to numerology and astrology, but lacking the
	   precision of the former and the success of the latter.
	(2) The protracted value analysis of algorithms.
	(3) The costly enumeration of the obvious.
	(4) The boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities.
	(5) Tautology harnessed in the service of Man at the speed of light.
	(6) The Post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
Hoaars-Faisse Gallery presents:
An exhibit of works by the artist known only as Pretzel.

The exhibit includes several large conceptual works using non-traditional
media and found objects including old sofa-beds, used mace canisters,
discarded sanitary napkins and parts of freeways.  The artist explores
our dehumanization due to high technology and unresponsive governmental
structures in a post-industrial world.  She/he (the artist prefers to
remain without gender) strives to create dialogue between viewer and
creator, to aid us in our quest to experience contemporary life with its
inner-city tensions, homelessness, global warming and gender and
class-based stress.  The works are arranged to lead us to the essence of
the argument: that the alienation of the person/machine boundary has
sapped the strength of our voices and must be destroyed for society to
exist in a more fundamental sense.
Those who believe that they believe in God, but without passion in their
hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt,
without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only
in the God idea, not God Himself.
- Miguel de Unamuno, Spanish philosopher and writer
"...proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect."
- David Baker, paraphrasing Harold Urey, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
Issawi's Laws of Progress:
	The Course of Progress:
		Most things get steadily worse.
	The Path of Progress:
		A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
That's what she said.
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
Been Transferred Lately?
It is illegal to drive more than two thousand sheep down Hollywood
Boulevard at one time.
You know you have a small apartment when Rice Krispies echo.
		-- S. Rickly Christian
Lead me not into temptation... I can find it myself.
Every day it's the same thing -- variety.  I want something different.
While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
		-- Dean Rusk
The SAME WAVE keeps coming in and COLLAPSING like a rayon MUU-MUU ...
Machines certainly can solve problems, store information, correlate,
and play games -- but not with pleasure.
		-- Leo Rosten
QOTD:
	Ludwig Boltzmann, who spend much of his life studying statistical
	mechanics died in 1906 by his own hand.  Paul Ehrenfest, carrying
	on the work, died similarly in 1933.  Now it is our turn.
		-- Goodstein, States of Matter 
Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have
gotten the hostages released.  I thank God they were satisfied with the
missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
- Oliver North
Garbage In -- Gospel Out.
Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven;
confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
		-- Josh Billings
Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket"--which is
but a manner of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention;" but the wise
man saith, "Put all your eggs in the one basket and--WATCH THAT BASKET."
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
This fortune intentionally left blank.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand
You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Aren't you glad you're not getting all the government you pay for now?
Someday you'll get your big chance -- or have you already had it?
A woman did what a woman had to, the best way she knew how.
To do more was impossible, to do less, unthinkable.
		-- Dirisha, "The Man Who Never Missed"
McDonald's -- Because you're worth it.
...Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an
inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.  Most notably I have
ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.  Well, I
haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected it.
There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between 
prejudice and postjudice.  Prejudice is making a judgment before you have
looked at the facts.  Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.  Prejudice
is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious
mistakes.  Postjudice is not terrible.  You can't be perfect of course; you
may make mistakes also.  But it is permissible to make a judgment after you
have examined the evidence.  In some circles it is even encouraged.
- Carl Sagan, The Burden of Skepticism, Skeptical Enquirer, Vol. 12, pg. 46
Remember:  Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
-- Dave Butler
I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards. I got a full house and
4 people died.
-- Steven Wright
Deliberate provocation of mystical experience, particularly by LSD and related
hallucinogens, in contrast to spontaneous visionary experiences, entails
dangers that must not be underestimated.  Practitioners must take into
account the peculiar effects of these substances, namely their ability to
influence our consciousness, the innermost essence of our being.  The history
of LSD to date amply demonstrates the catastrophic consequences that can
ensue when its profound effect is misjudged and the substance is mistaken
for a pleasure drug.  Special internal and external advance preperations
are required; with them, an LSD experiment can become a meaningful
experience.
- Dr. Albert Hoffman, the discoverer of LSD
"What you end up with, after running an operating system concept through
these many marketing coffee filters, is something not unlike plain hot
water."
(By Matt Welsh)
We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who,
content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Another day, another dollar.
		-- Vincent J. Fuller, defense lawyer for John Hinckley,
		   upon Hinckley's acquittal for shooting President Ronald
		   Reagan.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
The only happiness lies in reason; all the rest of the world is dismal.
The highest reason, however, I see in the work of the artist, and he may
experience it as such.  Happiness lies in the swiftness of feeling and
thinking: all the rest of the world is slow, gradual and stupid.  Whoever
could feel the course of a light ray would be very happy, for it is very
swift.  Thinking of oneself gives little happiness.  If, however, one feels
much happiness in this, it is because at bottom one is not thinking of
oneself but of one's ideal.  This is far, and only the swift shall reach
it and are delighted.
		-- Nietzsche
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the
poor to protect them from each other.
When man calls an animal "vicious", he usually means that it will attempt
to defend itself when he tries to kill it.
X-rated movies are all alike ... the only thing they leave to the
imagination is the plot.
You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!
A couch is as good as a chair.
DOS: n., A small annoying boot virus that causes random spontaneous system
     crashes, usually just before saving a massive project.  Easily cured by
     UNIX.  See also MS-DOS, IBM-DOS, DR-DOS.
(from David Vicker's .plan)
When the revolution comes, count your change.
There are strange things done in the midnight sun
	By the men who moil for gold;
The Arctic trails have their secret tales
	That would make your blood run cold;
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,
	But the queerest they ever did see
Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge
	I cremated Sam McGee.
		-- Robert W. Service
----==-- _                     / /  \
---==---(_)__  __ ____  __    / / /\ \
--==---/ / _ \/ // /\ \/ /   / /_/\ \ \
-=====/_/_//_/\_,_/ /_/\_\  /______\ \ \
A proud member of TeamLinux \_________\/
(By CHaley (HAC), haley@unm.edu, ch008cth@pi.lanl.gov)
If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped.
The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position
in the atmosphere without something to support it must drop.  The law of
gravity supercedes the law of golf.
		-- Donald A. Metz
A penny saved has not been spent.
I am a traffic light, and Alan Ginzberg kidnapped my laundry in 1927!
Many Myths are based on truth
		-- Spock, "The Way to Eden",  stardate 5832.3
	Wouldn't the sentence "I want to put a hyphen between the words Fish
and And and And and Chips in my Fish-And-Chips sign" have been clearer if
quotation marks had been placed before Fish, and between Fish and and, and
and and And, and And and and, and and and And, and And and and, and and and
Chips, as well as after Chips?
Remark of Dr. Baldwin's concerning upstarts: We don't care to eat toadstools
that think they are truffles.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
		-- Mark Twain
"It ain't so much the things we don't know that get us in trouble.  It's the
things we know that ain't so."
-- Artemus Ward aka Charles Farrar Brown
Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee.
		-- Snoopy
Emacs, n.:
	A slow-moving parody of a text editor.
Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.
Committee Rules:
	(1) Never arrive on time, or you will be stamped a beginner.
	(2) Don't say anything until the meeting is half over; this
	    stamps you as being wise.
	(3) Be as vague as possible; this prevents irritating the
	    others.
	(4) When in doubt, suggest that a subcommittee be appointed.
	(5) Be the first to move for adjournment; this will make you
	    popular -- it's what everyone is waiting for.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent than from the
machinations of the wicked.
Children begin by loving their parents.  After a time they judge them.
Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
		-- Oscar Wilde
"Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons 
for it afterwards."
-- Soren F. Petersen
Life Sucks.  Cynical, misanthropic male, 34, looking for soul mate but
certain not to find her.  Drop me a note.  I'll call you, we'll talk and
I'll ask you out to dinner where I'll probably spend more than I can
afford in a feeble attempt to impress you.  Then we'll realize we have
absolutely nothing in common and we'll go our separate ways, more
embittered and depressed than before (if such a thing is possible).
It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for being 
right.
The system will be down for 10 days for preventive maintenance.
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
		-- Dorothy Fuldheim
You have an unusual equipment for success.  Be sure to use it properly.
The world is your exercise-book, the pages on which you do your sums.
It is not reality, although you can express reality there if you wish.
You are also free to write nonsense, or lies, or to tear the pages.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 6

proof by picture:
	A more convincing form of proof by example. Combines well 
	with proof by omission.

proof by vehement assertion:
	It is useful to have some kind of authority relation to the 
	audience.

proof by ghost reference:
	Nothing even remotely resembling the cited theorem appears in 
	the reference given.

But I was there and I saw what you did,
I saw it with my own two eyes.
So you can wipe off that grin;
I know where you've been--
It's all been a pack of lies!
Revenge is a form of nostalgia.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
If you fool around with something long enough, it will eventually break.
The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality
of functions performed by private citizens.
		-- Alexis de Tocqueville
job Placement, n.:
	Telling your boss what he can do with your job.
"But don't you see, the color of wine in a crystal glass can be spiritual.
 The look in a face, the music of a violin.  A Paris theater can be infused
 with the spiritual for all its solidity."
 -- Lestat, _The Vampire Lestat_, Anne Rice
"Plaese porrf raed."
		-- Prof. Michael O'Longhlin, S.U.N.Y. Purchase
You're at the end of the road again.
Even in the moment of our earliest kiss,
When sighed the straitened bud into the flower,
Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this;
And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred,
To tilt at autumn or defy the frost:
Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did,
I say with them, "What's out tonight is lost."
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all
Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree,
A fairer summer and a later fall
Than in these parts a man is apt to see,
And sunny clusters ripened for the wine:
I tell you this across the blackened vine.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay, "Even in the Moment of
		   Our Earliest Kiss", 1931
Kaufman's First Law of Party Physics:
	Population density is inversely proportional
	to the square of the distance from the keg.
Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.
-- Neophyte's serendipity.
-- Exclusive dedication to necessitious chores without interludes of
	hedonistic diversion renders John a hebetudinous fellow.
-- A revolving concretion of earthy or mineral matter accumulates no
	congeries of small, green bryophytic plant.
-- The person presenting the ultimate cachinnation possesses thereby the
	optimal cachinnation.
-- Abstention from any aleatory undertaking precludes a potential
	escallation of a lucrative nature.
-- Missiles of ligneous or osteal consistency have the potential of
	fracturing osseous structure, but appellations will eternally
	remain innocuous.
"You can have my Unix system when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers."
-- Cal Keegan
This  message was brought to  you by Linux, the free  unix.
Windows without the X is like making love without a partner.
Sex, Drugs & Linux Rules
win-nt from the people who invented edlin
apples  have  meant  trouble  since  eden
Linux, the way to get rid of boot viruses
(By mwikholm@at8.abo.fi, MaDsen Wikholm)
The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.  The goal of nature
is to build better mice.
Dealing with failure is easy:
	Work hard to improve.
Success is also easy to handle:
	You've solved the wrong problem.
	Work hard to improve.
Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.
		-- Aleister Crowley
Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they
are another's.
		 -- Susanna Martin, executed for witchcraft, 1681
bug, n:
	An elusive creature living in a program that makes it incorrect.
	The activity of "debugging", or removing bugs from a program, ends
	when people get tired of doing it, not when the bugs are removed.
		-- "Datamation", January 15, 1984
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
		-- W.E. Hickson
The person who can smile when something goes wrong has thought of
someone to blame it on.
Nine megs for the secretaries fair,
Seven megs for the hackers scarce,
Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs,
Three megs for system source;

One disk to rule them all,
One disk to bind them,
One disk to hold the files
And in the darkness grind 'em.
I always will remember --		I was in no mood to trifle;
'Twas a year ago November --		I got down my trusty rifle
I went out to shoot some deer		And went out to stalk my prey --
On a morning bright and clear.		What a haul I made that day!
I went and shot the maximum		I tied them to my bumper and
The game laws would allow:		I drove them home somehow,
Two game wardens, seven hunters,	Two game wardens, seven hunters,
And a cow.				And a cow.

The Law was very firm, it		People ask me how I do it
Took away my permit--			And I say, "There's nothin' to it!
The worst punishment I ever endured.	You just stand there lookin' cute,
It turns out there was a reason:	And when something moves, you shoot."
Cows were out of season, and		And there's ten stuffed heads
One of the hunters wasn't insured.	In my trophy room right now:
					Two game wardens, seven hunters,
					And a pure-bred guernsey cow.
		-- Tom Lehrer, "The Hunting Song"
With/Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
		-- Pink Floyd
It is very vulgar to talk like a dentist when one isn't a dentist.
It produces a false impression.
		-- Oscar Wilde.
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
... I have read the INSTRUCTIONS ...
One Bell System - it works.
System checkpoint complete.
"But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable computers?"
Hey, waiter!  I want a NEW SHIRT and a PONY TAIL with lemon sauce!
"If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem."
		-- C. Durance, Computer Science 234
Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Joseph P. Kennedy

Don't get even, get jewelry.
		-- Anonymous
Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.
(1) Avoid fried meats which angry up the blood.
(2) If your stomach antagonizes you, pacify it with cool thoughts.
(3) Keep the juices flowing by jangling around gently as you move.
(4) Go very lightly on the vices, such as carrying on in society, as
	the social ramble ain't restful.
(5) Avoid running at all times.
(6) Don't look back, something might be gaining on you.
		-- S. Paige, c. 1951
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
This  message was brought to  you by Linux, the free  unix.
Windows without the X is like making love without a partner.
Sex, Drugs & Linux Rules
win-nt from the people who invented edlin
apples  have  meant  trouble  since  eden
Linux, the way to get rid of boot viruses
(By mwikholm@at8.abo.fi, MaDsen Wikholm)
Non-Reciprocal Laws of Expectations:
	Negative expectations yield negative results.
	Positive expectations yield negative results.
Trouble always comes at the wrong time.
There are places I'll remember
All my life though some have changed.
Some forever not for better 
Some have gone and some remain.
All these places had their moments
With lovers and friends I still recall.
Some are dead and some are living,
In my life I've loved them all.

But of all these friends and lovers,
There is no one compared with you,
All these memories lose their meaning
When I think of love as something new.
Though I know I'll never lose affection
For people and things that went before,
I know I'll often stop and think about them
In my life I'll love you more.
		-- Lennon/McCartney, "In My Life", 1965
"We can't schedule an orgy, it might be construed as fighting"
--Stanley Sutton
The average individual's position in any hierarchy is a lot like pulling
a dogsled -- there's no real change of scenery except for the lead dog.
When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but the principle of the thing,"
it's the money.
		-- Kim Hubbard
I am covered with pure vegetable oil and I am writing a best seller!
There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and
family.  But he can't make a living for them *and* his government, too,
the way his government is living.  What the government has got to do is
live as cheap as the people.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
When in doubt, lead trump.
"When the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to treat everything as if
it were a nail."
-- Abraham Maslow
"They ought to make butt-flavored cat food."   --Gallagher
There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII
I simply try to aid in letting the light of historical truth into that
decaying mass of outworn thought which attaches the modern world to
medieval conceptions of Christianity, and which still lingers among us --
a most serious barrier to religion and morals, and a menace to the whole
normal evolution of society.
- Andrew D. White, author, first president of Cornell University, 1896
   It is either through the influence of narcotic potions, of which all
primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach
of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those Dionysian stirrings
arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself
completely. . . .Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged
once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or
subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son,
man.
- Fred Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy
He who laughs last usually had to have joke explained.
Surprise due today.  Also the rent.
"The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon."
		-- Charles Schulz, "Things I've Had to Learn Over and
		   Over and Over"
Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by
no means the only 'certain' standard.  If you mistake what is relative for
something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
		-- Chuang Tzu
"There is such a fine line between genius and stupidity."
- David St. Hubbins, "Spinal Tap"
Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced.
- John Keats
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet
when well oiled.
When a lot of remedies are suggested for a disease, that means it can't
be cured.
		-- Anton Chekhov, "The Cherry Orchard"
The opulence of the front office door varies inversely with the fundamental
solvency of the firm.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed
down-stairs a step at a time.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar
Did you know the University of Iowa closed down after someone stole the book?
"Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *can* 
you believe?!" 
-- Bullwinkle J. Moose
The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the dead on the beach.
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
		-- Frederick Brooks, "The Mythical Man Month"
Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to
twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!
"Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par."
-- Dave Mack (mack@inco.UUCP)

"Yours is."
-- Allen Gwinn (allen@sulaco.sigma.com), in alt.flame
The good life was so elusive
It really got me down
I had to regain some confidence
So I got into camouflage
It's the thought, if any, that counts!
Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.
(Those who have already paid may disregard this cookie).
There can be no twisted thought without a twisted molecule.
		-- R. W. Gerard
As I was going up Punch Card Hill,
	Feeling worse and worser,
There I met a C.R.T.
	And it drop't me a cursor.

C.R.T., C.R.T.,
	Phosphors light on you!
If I had fifty hours a day
	I'd spend them all at you.
		-- Uncle Colonel's Cursory Rhymes
The Great Movie Posters:

SCENES THAT WILL STAGGER YOUR SIGHT!
-- DANCING CALLED GO-GO
-- MUSIC CALLED JU-JU
-- NARCOTICS CALLED BANGI!
-- FIRES OF PUBERTY!
	SEE the burning of a virgin!
	SEE power of witch doctor over women!
	SEE pygmies with fantastic Physical Endowments!!!
		-- Kwaheri (1965)

The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex!
		-- Boeing-Boeing (1965)

AN ASTRONAUT WENT UP-
A "GUESS WHAT" CAME DOWN!
	The picture that comes complete with a 10-foot tall monster to
give you the wim-wams!
		-- Monster a Go-Go (1965)
The King and his advisor are overlooking the battle field:

King:		"How goes the battle plan?"
Advisor:	"See those little black specks running to the right?"
K:	"Yes."
A:	"Those are their guys. And all those little red specks running
	to the left are our guys. Then when they collide we wait till
	the dust clears."
K:	"And?"
A:	"If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win."
K:	"But what about the ^#!!$% battle plan?"
A:	"So far, it seems to be going according to specks."
Angels we have heard on High
Tell us to go out and Buy.
		-- Tom Lehrer
The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in
automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
		-- Art Buchwald
If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?
She often gave herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it).
		-- Lewis Carroll
Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
The truth you speak has no past and no future.  It is, and that's all it
needs to be.
There are two kinds of fool. One says, "This is old, and therefore good."
And one says, "This is new, and therefore better"
		-- John Brunner, "The Shockwave Rider"
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I.  I
believe everything positively stinks.
		-- Lew Col
Today, THREE WINOS from DETROIT sold me a framed photo of TAB HUNTER
before his MAKEOVER!
Man is by nature a political animal.
		-- Aristotle
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
		-- Oscar Wilde [as he sipped champagne on his deathbed]
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
		-- Lao Tsu
You canna change the laws of physics, Captain; I've got to have thirty minutes!
In the broad and final sense all institutions are educational in the
sense that they operate to form the attitudes, dispositions, abilities
and disabilities that constitute a concrete personality...Whether this
educative process is carried on in a predominantly democratic or non-
democratic way becomes, therefore, a question of transcendent importance
not only for education itself but for its final effect upon all the
interests and activites of a society that is committed to the democratic
way of life.
- John Dewey (1859-1953), American philosopher
The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.
-- Male cadavers are incapable of yielding testimony.
-- Individuals who make their abode in vitreous edifices would be well advised
	to refrain from catapulting projectiles.
-- Neophyte's serendipity.
-- Exclusive dedication to necessitious chores without interludes of hedonistic
	diversion renders John a hebetudinous fellow.
-- A revolving concretion of earthy or mineral matter accumulates no congeries
	of small, green bryophytic plant.
-- Abstention from any aleatory undertaking precludes a potential escallation
	of a lucrative nature.
-- Missiles of ligneous or osteal consistency have the potential of fracturing
	osseous structure, but appellations will eternally remain innocuous.
Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat!!
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
		-- Thomas Alva Edison
All I can think of is a platter of organic PRUNE CRISPS being trampled
by an army of swarthy, Italian LOUNGE SINGERS ...
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
There's a way out of any cage.
		-- Captain Christopher Pike, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage"),
		   stardate unknown.
Oatmeal raisin.
"We are not endeavoring to chain the future but to free the present. ... We are
the advocates of inquiry, investigation, and thought. ... It is grander to think
and investigate for yourself than to repeat a creed. ... I look for the day
when *reason*, throned upon the world's brains, shall be the King of Kings and
the God of Gods.
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
The evidence of the emotions, save in cases where it has strong objective
support, is really no evidence at all, for every recognizable emotion has
its opposite, and if one points one way then another points the other way.
Thus the familiar argument that there is an instinctive desire for immortality,
and that this desire proves it to be a fact, becomes puerile when it is
recalled that there is also a powerful and widespread fear of annihilation,
and that this fear, on the same principle proves that there is nothing
beyond the grave.  Such childish "proofs" are typically theological, and
they remain theological even when they are adduced by men who like to 
flatter themselves by believing that they are scientific gents....
- H. L. Mencken
Now I understand the meaning of "THE MOD SQUAD"!
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?
You auto buy now.
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #41:

Q:  Now, Mrs. Johnson, how was your first marriage terminated?
A:  By death.
Q:  And by whose death was it terminated?
"People should have access to the data which you have about them.  There should
 be a process for them to challenge any inaccuracies."
-- Arthur Miller
Do not simplify the design of a program if a way can be found to make
it complex and wonderful.
For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.
Expedience is the best teacher.
"All language designers are arrogant.  Goes with the territory..."
(By Larry Wall)
A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"
As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Thyme's Law:
	Everything goes wrong at once.
An INK-LING?  Sure -- TAKE one!!  Did you BUY any COMMUNIST UNIFORMS??
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.  There might be a
law against it by that time.
Treaties are like roses and young girls -- they last while they last.
		-- Charles DeGaulle
You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).
Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.
If you lose a son you can always get another, but there's only one
Maltese Falcon.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"
"Here's something to think about:  How come you never see a headline like
 `Psychic Wins Lottery.'"
-- Comedian Jay Leno
If you wish women to love you, be original; I know a man who wore fur
boots summer and winter, and women fell in love with him.
		-- Anton Chekhov
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Of course a platonic relationship is possible -- but only between
husband and wife.
And now your toner's toney,		Disk blocks aplenty
And your paper near pure white,		Await your laser drawn lines,
The smudges on your soul are gone	Your intricate fonts,
And your output's clean as light..	Your pictures and signs.

We've labored with your father,		Your amputative absence
The venerable XGP,			Has made the Ten dumb,
But his slow artistic hand,		Without you, Dover,
Lacks your clean velocity.		We're system untounged-

Theses and papers 			DRAW Plots and TEXage
And code in a queue			Have been biding their time,
Dover, oh Dover,			With LISP code and programs,
We've been waiting for you.		And this crufty rhyme.

Dover, oh Dover,		Dover, oh Dover, arisen from dead.
We welcome you back,		Dover, oh Dover, awoken from bed.
Though still you may jam,	Dover, oh Dover, welcome back to the Lab.
You're on the right track.	Dover, oh Dover, we've missed your clean
					hand...
Cropp's Law:
	The amount of work done varies inversly with the time spent in the
	office.
Clones are people two.
Men often believe -- or pretend -- that the "Law" is something sacred, or
at least a science -- an unfounded assumption very convenient to governments.
	Exxon's 'Universe of Energy' tends to the peculiar rather than the
humorous ... After [an incomprehensible film montage about wind and sun and
rain and strip mines and] two or three minutes of mechanical confusion, the
seats locomote through a short tunnel filled with clock-work dinosaurs.
The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face.
	"One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to
aggravate illusions.  Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like,
but Exxon has decided they smelled bad.
	"At the other end of Dino Ditch ... there's a final, very addled
message about facing challengehood tomorrow-wise.  I dozed off during this,
but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with
energy policy and neither do you."
		-- P.J. O'Rourke, "Holidays in Hell"
Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like
other people.
		-- James Russell Lowell, "My Study Windows"
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. 
This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper.
		-- Thomas Jefferson
Tact, n.:
	The unsaid part of what you're thinking.
Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
		-- C3P0
A well-used door needs no oil on its hinges.
A swift-flowing steam does not grow stagnant.
Neither sound nor thoughts can travel through a vacuum.
Software rots if not used.

These are great mysteries.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
The best portion of a good man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts
of kindness and love.
		-- Wordsworth
The world is not octal despite DEC.
The three biggest software lies:
	(1) *Of course* we'll give you a copy of the source.
	(2) *Of course* the third party vendor we bought that from
	    will fix the microcode.
	(3) Beta test site?  No, *of course* you're not a beta test site.
The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.
		What I Did During My Fall Semester
On the first day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the second day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.

On the third day of my fall semester, I got up.
Then I went to the library to find a thesis topic.
I found a thesis topic:
	How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
		-- Sister Mary Elephant, "Student Statement for Black Friday"
The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.
As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em,
We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
		-- Frederic Reynolds
You do not have mail.
A flashy Mercedes-Benz roared up to the curb where a cute young miss stood
waiting for a taxi.
	"Hi," said the gentleman at the wheel.  "I'm going west."
	"How wonderful," came the cool reply.  "Bring me back an orange."
If I could read your mind, love,
What a tale your thoughts could tell,
Just like a paperback novel,
The kind the drugstore sells,
When you reach the part where the heartaches come,
The hero would be me,
Heroes often fail,
You won't read that book again, because
	the ending is just too hard to take.

I walk away, like a movie star,
Who gets burned in a three way script,
Enter number two,
A movie queen to play the scene
Of bringing all the good things out in me,
But for now, love, let's be real
I never thought I could act this way,
And I've got to say that I just don't get it,
I don't know where we went wrong but the feeling is gone
And I just can't get it back...
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "If You Could Read My Mind"
To be awake is to be alive.  -- Henry David Thoreau, in "Walden"
Graduate students and most professors are no smarter than undergrads.
They're just older.
Zhizn' prozhit'--ne pole pereiti.
	[Life's a bitch.]
	[Well, okay.  lit., to live through life is not as simple as crossing
	 a field.  Happy now?]
		-- Russian proverb
The Official MBA Handbook on doing company business on an airplane:
	Do not work openly on top-secret company cost documents unless
	you have previously ascertained that the passenger next to you
	is blind, a rock musician on mood-ameliorating drugs, or the
	unfortunate possessor of a forty-seventh chromosome.
Booker's Law:
	An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
It is right that he too should have his little chronicle, his memories,
his reason, and be able to recognize the good in the bad, the bad in the
worst, and so grow gently old all down the unchanging days and die one
day like any other day, only shorter.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Malone Dies"
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
"He don't know me vewy well, DO he?"   -- Bugs Bunny
If you analyse anything, you destroy it.
		-- Arthur Miller
Another day, another dollar.
		-- Vincent J. Fuller, defense lawyer for John Hinckley,
		   upon Hinckley's acquittal for shooting President Ronald
		   Reagan.
The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
		-- Joey Adams, "Cindy and I"
Never reveal your best argument.
My mother once said to me, "Elwood," (she always called me Elwood)
"Elwood, in this world you must be oh so smart or oh so pleasant."
For years I tried smart.  I recommend pleasant.
		-- Elwood P. Dowde, "Harvey"
... I want a COLOR T.V. and a VIBRATING BED!!!
Dear Sir,
	I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or
to the office,  We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in public
places.  They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result in the farmers
being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn will cause massive un-
employment in the already severely depressed agricultural industry.
	Yours faithfully,
	Capt. Quinton D'Arcy, J.P.
	Sevenoaks
		-- Letters To The Editor, The Times of London
Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
		-- Thomas Tusser
	"But I don't want to go on the cart..."
	"Oh, don't be such a baby!"
	"But I'm feeling much better..."
	"No you're not... in a moment you'll be stone dead!"
		-- Monty Python, "The Holy Grail"
But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than 
frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?  
		-- M. Proust
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
That, that is, is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.
Why is the alphabet in that order?  Is it because of that song?
		-- Steven Wright
QED.
"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was
supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which actually
made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wet Zorro Suit and Other Turning
		   Points in l'Amour"
"An entire fraternity of strapping Wall-Street-bound youth.  Hell - this
is going to be a blood bath!"
-- Post Bros. Comics
"What man has done, man can aspire to do."
-- Jerry Pournelle, about space flight
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends
can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
		-- Clifton Fadiman
Thousands of days of civilians ... have produced a ... feeling for the
aesthetic modules --
I put instant coffee in a microwave and almost went back in time.
		-- Steven Wright
	Youth is not a time of life, it is a state of mind; it is a temper of
the will, a quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions, a predominance
of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over love of ease.
	Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years; people grow
old only by deserting their ideals.  Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up
enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.  Worry, doubt, self-distrust, fear, and despair
-- these are the long, long years that bow the head and turn the growing spirit
back to dust.
	Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart the love
of wonder, the sweet amazement at the stars and the starlike things and
thoughts, the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike appetite
for what next, and the joy and the game of life.
	You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young as your
self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as old as your
despair.
	So long as your heart receives messages of beauty, cheer, courage,
grandeur and power from the earth, from man, and from the Infinite, so long
you are young.
		-- Samuel Ullman
If the very old will remember, the very young will listen.
		-- Chief Dan George
Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy,
But it's very funny -- did you ever try buying them without money?
		-- Ogden Nash
God instructs the heart, not by ideas, but by pains and contradictions.
		-- De Caussade
Now of my threescore years and ten,
Twenty will not come again,
And take from seventy springs a score,
It leaves me only fifty more.

And since to look at things in bloom
Fifty springs are little room,
About the woodlands I will go
To see the cherry hung with snow.
		-- A.E. Housman
Did an Italian CRANE OPERATOR just experience uninhibited sensations in
a MALIBU HOT TUB?
Q:	Why do the police always travel in threes?
A:	One to do the reading, one to do the writing, and the other keeps
	an eye on the two intellectuals.
Everything is possible.  Pass the word.
		-- Rita Mae Brown, "Six of One"
Sheriff Chameleotoptor sighed with an air of weary sadness, and then
turned to Doppelgutt and said 'The Senator must really have been on a
bender this time -- he left a party in Cleveland, Ohio, at 11:30 last
night, and they found his car this morning in the smokestack of a British
aircraft carrier in the Formosa Straits.'
		-- Grand Panjandrum's Special Award, 1985 Bulwer-Lytton
		   bad fiction contest.
Adults die young.
Men are always ready to respect anything that bores them.
		-- Marilyn Monroe
Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
When I was little, I went into a pet shop and they asked how big I'd get.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield
A Roman divorced from his wife, being highly blamed by his friends, who
demanded, "Was she not chaste?  Was she not fair?  Was she not fruitful?"
holding out his shoe, asked them whether it was not new and well made.
Yet, added he, none of you can tell where it pinches me.
		-- Plutarch
The difference between sentiment and being sentimental is the following:
Sentiment is when a driver swerves out of the way to avoid hitting a
rabbit on the road.  Being sentimental is when the same driver, when
swerving away from the rabbit hits a pedestrian.
		-- Frank Herbert, "The White Plague"
paranoia, n.:
	A healthy understanding of the way the universe works.
A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?
Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
		-- Lazarus Long
All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for
wonder.  There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
		-- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII
If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could
work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
		-- Douglas Jerrold
And furthermore, my bowling average is unimpeachable!!!
			-- Gifts for Children --

This is easy.  You never have to figure out what to get for children,
because they will tell you exactly what they want.  They spend months and
months researching these kinds of things by watching Saturday- morning
cartoon-show advertisements.  Make sure you get your children exactly what
they ask for, even if you disapprove of their choices.  If your child thinks
he wants Murderous Bob, the Doll with the Face You Can Rip Right Off, you'd
better get it.  You may be worried that it might help to encourage your
child's antisocial tendencies, but believe me, you have not seen antisocial
tendencies until you've seen a child who is convinced that he or she did not
get the right gift.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"
Leona, I want to CONFESS things to you ... I want to WRAP you in a SCARLET
ROBE trimmed with POLYVINYL CHLORIDE ... I want to EMPTY your ASHTRAYS ...
	"What shall we do?" said Twoflower.
	"Panic?" said Rincewind hopefully.  He always held that panic was
the best means of survival; back in the olden days, his theory went, people
faced with hungry sabretoothed tigers could be divided very simply into
those who panicked and those who stood there saying "What a magnificent
brute!" and "Here, pussy."
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
1 Billion dollars of budget deficit		= 1 Gramm-Rudman
6.023 x 10 to the 23rd power alligator pears	= Avocado's number
2 pints						= 1 Cavort
Basic unit of Laryngitis			= The Hoarsepower
Shortest distance between two jokes		= A straight line
6 Curses					= 1 Hexahex
3500 Calories					= 1 Food Pound
1 Mole						= 007 Secret Agents
1 Mole						= 25 Cagey Bees
1 Dog Pound					= 16 oz. of Alpo
1000 beers served at a Twins game		= 1 Killibrew
2.4 statute miles of surgical tubing at Yale U. = 1 I.V.League
2000 pounds of chinese soup			= 1 Won Ton
10 to the minus 6th power mouthwashes		= 1 Microscope
Speed of a tortoise breaking the sound barrier	= 1 Machturtle
8 Catfish					= 1 Octo-puss
365 Days of drinking Lo-Cal beer.		= 1 Lite-year
16.5 feet in the Twilight Zone			= 1 Rod Serling
Force needed to accelerate 2.2lbs of cookies	= 1 Fig-newton
	to 1 meter per second
One half large intestine			= 1 Semicolon
10 to the minus 6th power Movie			= 1 Microfilm
1000 pains					= 1 Megahertz
1 Word						= 1 Millipicture
1 Sagan						= Billions & Billions
1 Angstrom: measure of computer anxiety		= 1000 nail-bytes
10 to the 12th power microphones		= 1 Megaphone
10 to the 6th power Bicycles			= 2 megacycles
The amount of beauty required launch 1 ship	= 1 Millihelen
The two things that can get you into trouble quicker than anything else
are fast women and slow horses.
It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card
may have saved a U.S. Army unit from heavy casualties during the Grenada
military rescue/invasion. Major General David Nichols, Air Force ... said
the Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.  One soldier found
a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft. Bragg, N.C., telling Army
officiers there of the perilous situation. The officers in turn called the
Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
		-- Aviation Week and Space Technology
[Babe] Ruth made a big mistake when he gave up pitching.
		-- Tris Speaker, 1921
Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
		-- Erwin Tomash
There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
E Pluribus Unix
Lie, n.:
	A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one
	discovered to date.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.
"Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution"
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
Hi Jimbo.  Dennis.  Really appreciate the help on the income tax.  You wanna
help on the audit now?
		-- "The Rockford Files"
My parents went to Niagara Falls and all I got was this crummy life.
The savior becomes the victim.
Fortune presents:
	USEFUL PHRASES IN ESPERANTO, #5.

Mi ^cevalovipus vin se mi havus		I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
	^cevalon.
Vere vi ^sercas.			You must be kidding.
Nu, parDOOOOOnu min!			Well exCUUUUUSE me!
Kiu invitis vin?			Who invited you?
Kion vi diris pri mia patrino?		What did you say about my mother?
Bu^so^stopu min per kulero.		Gag me with a spoon.
If you're not careful, you're going to catch something.
There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith
Time to take stock.  Go home with some office supplies.
A commune is where people join together to share their lack of wealth.
		-- R. Stallman
To have died once is enough.
		-- Publius Vergilius Maro (Virgil)
FORTUNE'S FAVORITE RECIPES: #8
	Christmas Rum Cake

1 or 2 quarts rum		1 tbsp. baking powder
1 cup butter			1 tsp. soda
1 tsp. sugar			1 tbsp. lemon juice
2 large eggs			2 cups brown sugar
2 cups dried assorted fruit	3 cups chopped English walnuts

Before you start, sample the rum to check for quality.  Good, isn't it?  Now
select a large mixing bowl, measuring cup, etc.  Check the rum again.  It
must be just right.  Be sure the rum is of the highest quality.  Pour one cup
of rum into a glass and drink it as fast as you can.  Repeat. With an electric
mixer, beat one cup butter in a large fluffy bowl.  Add 1 seaspoon of tugar
and beat again.  Meanwhile, make sure the rum teh absolutely highest quality.
Sample another cup.  Open second quart as necessary.  Add 2 orge laggs, 2 cups
of fried druit and beat untill high.  If the fried druit gets stuck in the
beaters, just pry it loose with a screwdriver.  Sample the rum again, checking
for toncisticity.  Next sift 3 cups of baking powder, a pinch of rum, a
seaspoon of toda and a cup of pepper or salt (it really doesn't matter).
Sample some more.  Sift 912 pint of lemon juice.  Fold in schopped butter and
strained chups.  Add bablespoon of brown gugar, or whatever color you have.
Mix mell.  Grease oven and turn cake pan to 350 gredees and rake until
poothtick comes out crean.
The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.
War is like love, it always finds a way.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Mother Courage"
In Brooklyn, we had such great pennant races, it made the World Series
just something that came later.
		-- Walter O'Malley, Dodgers owner
There are worse things in life than death.  Have you ever spent an evening
with an insurance salesman?
		-- Woody Allen
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Beauty, n.:
	The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Life in this society being, at best, an utter bore and no aspect of society
being at all relevant to women, there remains to civic-minded responsible
thrill-seeking females only to overthrow the government, eliminate the money
system, institute complete automation and destroy the male sex.
		-- Valerie Solanas
"Your butt is mine."
-- Michael Jackson, Bad
Q:	What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
A:	Not enough sand.
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and deaf husband.
		-- Michel de Montaigne
methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamylserylleucylphenylalanylalanylglutamin-
ylleucyllysylglutamylarginyllysylglutamylglycylalanylphenylalanylvalylprolyl-
phenylalanylvalylthreonylleucylglycylaspartylprolylglycylisoleucylglutamylglu-
taminylserylleucyllysylisoleucylaspartylthreonylleucylisoleucylglutamylalanyl-
glycylalanylaspartylalanylleucylglutamylleucylglycylisoleucylprolylphenylala-
nylserylaspartylprolylleucylalanylaspartylglycylprolylthreonylisoleucylgluta-
minylasparaginylalanylthreonylleucylarginylalanylphenylalanylalanylalanylgly-
cylvalylthreonylprolylalanylglutaminylcysteinylphenylalanylglutamylmethionyl-
leucylalanylleucylisoleucylarginylglutaminyllysylhistidylprolylthreonylisoleu-
cylprolylisoleucylglycylleucylleucylmethionyltyrosylalanylasparaginylleucylva-
lylphenylalanylasparaginyllysylglycylisoleucylaspartylglutamylphenylalanyltyro-
sylalanylglutaminylcysteinylglutamyllysylvalylglycylvalylaspartylserylvalylleu-
cylvalylalanylaspartylvalylprolylvalylglutaminylglutamylserylalanylprolylphe-
nylalanylarginylglutaminylalanylalanylleucylarginylhistidylasparaginylvalylala-
nylprolylisoleucylphenylalanylisoleucylcysteinylprolylprolylaspartylalanylas-
partylaspartylaspartylleucylleucylarginylglutaminylisoleucylalanylseryltyrosyl-
glycylarginylglycyltyrosylthreonyltyrosylleucylleucylserylarginylalanylglycyl-
valylthreonylglycylalanylglutamylasparaginylarginylalanylalanylleucylprolylleu-
cylasparaginylhistidylleucylvalylalanyllysylleucyllysylglutamyltyrosylasparagi-
nylalanylalanylprolylprolylleucylglutaminylglycylphenylalanylglycylisoleucylse-
rylalanylprolylaspartylglutaminylvalyllysylalanylalanylisoleucylaspartylalanyl-
glycylalanylalanylglycylalanylisoleucylserylglycylserylalanylisoleucylvalylly-
sylisoleucylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylhistidylasparaginylisoleucylglutamylpro-
lylglutamyllysylmethionylleucylalanylalanylleucyllysylvalylphenylalanylvalyl-
glutaminylprolylmethionyllysylalanylalanylthreonylarginylserine, n.:
	The chemical name for tryptophan synthetase A protein, a
	1,913-letter enzyme with 267 amino acids.
		-- Mrs. Byrne's Dictionary of Unusual, Obscure, and
		   Preposterous Words
An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
The trouble with computers is that they do what you tell them, not what
you want.
		-- D. Cohen
It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
		-- Crazy Charlie
Harry is heavily into camping, and every year in the late fall, he makes us
all go to Assateague, which is an island on the Atlantic Ocean famous for
its wild horses.  I realize that the concept of wild horses probably stirs
romantic notions in many of you, but this is because you have never met any
wild horses in person.  In person, they are like enormous hooved rats.  They
amble up to your camp site, and their attitude is: "We're wild horses.
We're going to eat your food, knock down your tent and poop on your shoes.
We're protected by federal law, just like Richard Nixon."
		-- Dave Barry, "Tenting Grandpa Bob"
Walt:	Dad, what's gradual school?
Garp:	Gradual school?
Walt:	Yeah.  Mom says her work's more fun now that she's teaching
	gradual school.
Garp:	Oh.  Well, gradual school is someplace you go and gradually
	find out that you don't want to go to school anymore.
		-- The World According To Garp
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
		-- Dylan Thomas
"Mr. Spock succumbs to a powerful mating urge and nearly kills Captain Kirk."
-- TV Guide, describing the Star Trek episode _Amok_Time_
The superfluous is very necessary.
		-- Voltaire
Message will arrive in the mail.  Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
		-- Don Knuth
"Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain."
-- Karl, as he stepped behind the computer to reboot it, during a FAT
Obviously, a man's judgement cannot be better than the information on which he
has based it.  Give him the truth and he may still go wrong when he has
the chance to be right, but give him no news or present him only with distorted
and incomplete data, with ignorant, sloppy or biased reporting, with propaganda
and deliberate falsehoods, and you destroy his whole reasoning processes, and
make him something less than a man.
-- Arthur Hays Sulzberger
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
Main's Law:
	For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance
of the woman.
		-- Honor'e DeBalzac
Tell me what to think!!!
"I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn.  By accident I
put the car key in the door lock.  The house started up.  So I figured
what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times.  I thought I
should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to
get off my driveway."
		-- Steven Wright
Woman:      "Is Yoo-Hoo hyphenated?"
Yogi Berra: "No, ma'am, its not even carbonated."
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely
the most important.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Case of Identity"
Genderplex, n.:
	The predicament of a person in a restaurant who is unable to
	determine his or her designated restroom (e.g., turtles and tortoises).
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
"My sense of purpose is gone! I have no idea who I AM!"
    "Oh, my God... You've.. You've turned him into a DEMOCRAT!"
-- Doonesbury
OS/2 Skyways:
The terminal is almost empty, with only a few prospective passengers milling
about. The announcer says that their flight has just departed, wishes them a
good flight, though there are no planes on the runway. Airline personnel
walk around, apologising profusely to customers in hushed voices, pointing
from time to time to the sleek, powerful jets outside the terminal on the
field. They tell each passenger how good the real flight will be on these
new jets and how much safer it will be than Windows Airlines, but that they
will have to wait a little longer for the technicians to finish the flight
systems. Maybe until mid-1995. Maybe longer.
Needs are a function of what other people have.
To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
		-- AT&T
Either one of us, by himself, is expendable.  Both of us are not.
		-- Kirk, "The Devil in the Dark", stardate 3196.1
A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
		-- Samuel Johnson
Beware of geeks bearing graft.
Calm down, it's *____only* ones and zeroes.
Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
		-- Josh Billings
Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
OVER the underpass!  UNDER the overpass!  Around the FUTURE and BEYOND REPAIR!!
A modem is a baudy house.
Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail? 
		-- The Tasmanian Devil
At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on
the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is
quite untrue in practice.  Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather
than blinkers it.
		-- G.L. Glegg, "The Design of Design"
We Klingons believe as you do -- the sick should die.  Only the strong
should live.
		-- Kras, "Friday's Child", stardate 3497.2
It is only with the heart one can see clearly; what is essential is
invisible to the eye.
		-- The Fox, 'The Little Prince"
When I think about myself,
I almost laugh myself to death,
My life has been one great big joke,	Sixty years in these folks' world
A dance that's walked			The child I works for calls me girl
A song that's spoke,			I say "Yes ma'am" for working's sake.
I laugh so hard I almost choke		Too proud to bend
When I think about myself.		Too poor to break,
					I laugh until my stomach ache,
					When I think about myself.
My folks can make me split my side,
I laughed so hard I nearly died,
The tales they tell, sound just like lying,
They grow the fruit, 
But eat the rind,
I laugh until I start to crying,
When I think about my folks.
		-- Maya Angelou
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Schshschshchsch.
		-- The Gorn, "Arena", stardate 3046.2
	"How did you spend the weekend?" asked the pretty brunette secretary
of her blonde companion.
	"Fishing through the ice," she replied.
	"Fishing through the ice?   Whatever for?"
	"Olives."
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
		-- Elbert Hubbard
Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
		-- Daniel Dennett
Q:	What do you call a WASP who doesn't work for his father, isn't a
	lawyer, and believes in social causes?
A:	A failure.
How many Zen Buddhist does it take to change a light bulb?

Two.  One to change it and one not to change it.
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
-- Jean Cocteau
"The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time. The 
terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency."
-- Albert Einstein
"The net result is a system that is not only binary compatible with 4.3 BSD,
but is even bug for bug compatible in almost all features."
-- Avadit Tevanian, Jr., "Architecture-Independent Virtual Memory Management
   for Parallel and Distributed Environments:  The Mach Approach"
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them
continues to pay for it.
		-- Peggy Joyce
A famous Lisp Hacker noticed an Undergraduate sitting in front of a Xerox
1108, trying to edit a complex Klone network via a browser. Wanting to
help, the Hacker clicked one of the nodes in the network with the mouse,
and asked "what do you see?" Very earnestly, the Undergraduate replied "I
see a cursor." The Hacker then quickly pressed the boot toggle at the back
of the keyboard, while simultaneously hitting the Undergraduate over the head
with a thick Interlisp Manual.  The Undergraduate was then Enlightened.
I worked in a health food store once.  A guy came in and asked me,
"If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
		-- Steven Wright
He who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth.
Death didn't answer.  He was looking at Spold in the same way as a dog looks
at a bone, only in this case things were more or less the other way around.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Colour of Magic"
Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
		-- Spock, "The Enterprise Incident", stardate 5027.4
Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way
they can. I'm sick of the job.  It's a thankless one and full of grief.
		-- Al Capone
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, on qualifiers
Fats Loves Madelyn.
A young man enters the New York branch of Tiffany's on a Friday evening and
walks up to a display case full of pearl necklaces.  He turns to a gorgeous
woman, who is obviously windowshopping, looks her straight in the eye and
says, "I can tell by your eyes that you really want that necklace.  If you'll
allow me, I'd like to buy it for you."
	The woman looks him up and down; he's wearing a nice suit and some
pretty nice jewelry, but she has trouble believing this story.
	"Look, this is some kind of put on, right?"
	"No, really.  You see, I've got quite a lot of money -- so much that
I could never spend it all.  I'd really like for you to have it."
	The guys whips out his checkbook, writes a check for five figures,
calls over a clerk and hands it to him.  The clerk peers at the check, looks
at the young man, looks at the check again.  "Very good, sir.  I'm afraid I
can't release the necklace immediately, would Monday be all right?"
	"That'll be fine, she'll pick it up." the man replies, and walks out
of the store with the woman following him in a daze.
	The next Monday the man comes back in and walks up to the counter.
The same clerk hurries over to him and says, "Sir, I'm sorry to have to tell
you this, but your check was returned for insufficient funds."
	"I know," the man replies.  "I just wanted to thank you for a
terrific weekend."
It might be worth reflecting that this group was originally created
back in September of 1987 and has exchanged over 1200 messages.  The
original announcement for the group called for an all inclusive
discussion ranging from the writings of Gibson and Vinge and movies
like Bladerunner to real world things like Brands' description of the
work being done at the MIT Media Lab.  It was meant as a haven for
people with vision of this scope.  If you want to create a haven for
people with narrower visions, feel free.  But I feel sad for anyone
who thinks that alt.cyberpunk is such a monstrous group that it is in
dire need of being subdivided.  Heaven help them if they ever start
reading comp.arch or rec.arts.sf-lovers.
-- Bob Webber
I poured spot remover on my dog.  Now he's gone.
		-- Steven Wright
Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.

You can tune a filesystem, but you can't tuna fish.
		-- from the tunefs(8) man page
If someone had told me I would be Pope one day, I would have studied harder.
		-- Pope John Paul I
Moishe Margolies, who weighed all of 105 pounds and stood an even five feet
in his socks, was taking his first airplane trip. He took a seat next to a
hulking bruiser of a man who happened to be the heavyweight champion of
the world.  Little Moishe was uneasy enough before he even entered the plane,
but now the roar of the engines and the great height absolutely terrified him.
So frightened did he become that his stomach turned over and he threw up all
over the muscular giant siting beside him.  Fortunately, at least for Moishe,
the man was sound asleep.  But now the little man had another problem.  How in
the world would he ever explain the situation to the burly brute when he
awakened?  The sudden voice of the stewardess on the plane's intercom, finally
woke the bruiser, and Moishe, his heart in his mouth, rose to the occasion.
	"Feeling better now?" he asked solicitously.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
QOTD:
	"This is a one line proof... if we start sufficiently far to the
	left."
Refreshed by a brief blackout, I got to my feet and went next door.
-- Martin Amis, _Money_
Join the army, see the world, meet interesting, exciting people, and kill them.
			Pittsburgh driver's test

(5) Your car's horn is a vital piece of safety equipment.  How often should
you test it?

	(a) once a year.
	(b) once a month.
	(c) once a day.
	(d) once an hour.

The correct answer is (d). You should test your car's horn at least once
every hour, and more often at night or in residential neighborhoods.
If in any problem you find yourself doing an immense amount of work, the
answer can be obtained by simple inspection.
Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?
Where am I?  Who am I?  Am I?  I
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
Kington's Law of Perforation:
	If a straight line of holes is made in a piece of paper, such
	as a sheet of stamps or a check, that line becomes the strongest
	part of the paper.
Faster, faster, you fool, you fool!
		-- Bill Cosby
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
		-- John Heywood
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!!
No house is childproofed unless the little darlings are in straitjackets.
At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his
thumb with a hammer.
		-- Marshall Lumsden
No-one would remember the Good Samaritan if he had only had good
intentions.  He had money as well.
		-- Margaret Thatcher
Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies,
Shy little angels as gentle as puppies,
Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish,
They were just some of my tropical fish.

Then I got mantas that sting in the water,
Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter,
Savage male betas that bite with a squish,
Now I have many less tropical fish.

	If you think that
	Fish are peaceful
	That's an empty wish.
	Just dump them together
	And leave them alone,
	And soon you will have -- no fish.
		-- To My Favorite Things
"Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think Abraham 
Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today?
	1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War.
	2) Advising the President.
	3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his
	   coffin."
-- David Letterman
standards, n.:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.
"Besides, I think [Slackware] sounds better than 'Microsoft,' don't you?"
(By Patrick Volkerding)
'Twas the nocturnal segment of the diurnal period
   preceding the annual Yuletide celebration, And
   throughout our place of residence,
Kinetic activity was not in evidence among the
   possessors of this potential, including that
   species of domestic rodent known as Mus musculus.
Hosiery was meticulously suspended from the forward
   edge of the woodburning caloric apparatus,
Pursuant to our anticipatory pleasure regarding an
   imminent visitation from an eccentric
   philanthropist among whose folkloric appelations
   is the honorific title of St. Nicklaus ...
	"What shall we do?" said Twoflower.
	"Panic?" said Rincewind hopefully.  He always held that panic was
the best means of survival; back in the olden days, his theory went, people
faced with hungry sabretoothed tigers could be divided very simply into
those who panicked and those who stood there saying "What a magnificent
brute!" and "Here, pussy."
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
Just machines to make big decisions,
Programmed by men for compassion and vision,
We'll be clean when their work is done,
We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young,
What a beautiful world this will be,
What a glorious time to be free.
		-- Donald Fagon, "What A Beautiful World"
Woody: What's going on, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:  Let's talk about what's going *in* Mr. Peterson.  A beer, Woody.
		-- Cheers, Paint Your Office

Sam:  How's life treating you?
Norm: It's not, Sammy, but that doesn't mean you can't.
		-- Cheers, A Kiss is Still a Kiss

Woody:  Can I pour you a draft, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   A little early, isn't it Woody?
Woody:  For a beer?
Norm:   No, for stupid questions.
		-- Cheers, Let Sleeping Drakes Lie
Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two
complementary directions:  to reduce the number of software errors through
rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the
remaining errors by providing for recovery from them.  An interesting footnote
to this design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be
the result of two program errors:  the first, in the program that started the
problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the
system.  -- A. L. Scherr, "Functional Structure of IBM Virtual Storage Operating
Systems, Part II: OS/VS-2 Concepts and Philosophies," IBM Systems Journal,
Vol. 12, No. 4, 1973, pp. 382-400
While there's life, there's hope.
		-- Publius Terentius Afer (Terence)
A fox is a wolf who sends flowers.
		-- Ruth Weston
Now of my threescore years and ten,
Twenty will not come again,
And take from seventy springs a score,
It leaves me only fifty more.

And since to look at things in bloom
Fifty springs are little room,
About the woodlands I will go
To see the cherry hung with snow.
		-- A.E. Housman
Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she kissed her cow.
		-- Rabelais
Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with
chopsticks.  It looks easy until you try it.
He that teaches himself has a fool for a master.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
Know what I hate most?  Rhetorical questions.
		-- Henry N. Camp
Abstainer:  A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a
pleasure.  A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but
abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Great minds run in great circles.
It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that
English is the only major language in which "I" is capitalized; in many
other languages "You" is capitalized and the "i" is lower case.
		-- Sydney J. Harris
You can learn many things from children.  How much patience you have,
for instance.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.
	"Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart."
	"Oh, yeah?  What's he look like?"
	"Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and
paper boots."
	"What's he wanted for?"
	"Rustling."
If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job.
Let's hear it for OSI and X!  With those babies in the wings, we can count
on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening,
paper folding, or something.
		-- C. Philip Wood
I sent a letter to the fish,		I said it very loud and clear,
I told them, "This is what I wish."	I went and shouted in his ear.
The little fishes of the sea,		But he was very stiff and proud,
They sent an answer back to me.		He said "You needn't shout so loud."
The little fishes' answer was		And he was very proud and stiff,
"We cannot do it, sir, because..."	He said "I'll go and wake them if..."
I sent a letter back to say		I took a kettle from the shelf,
It would be better to obey.		I went to wake them up myself.
But someone came to me and said		But when I found the door was locked
"The little fishes are in bed."		I pulled and pushed and kicked and
						knocked,
I said to him, and I said it plain	And when I found the door was shut,
"Then you must wake them up again."	I tried to turn the handle, But...

	"Is that all?" asked Alice.
	"That is all." said Humpty Dumpty. "Goodbye."
Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
		-- Shakespeare, "Coriolanus"
May your SO always know when you need a hug.
Why does a hearse horse snicker, hauling a lawyer away?
		-- Carl Sandburg
Byte your tongue.
It's getting uncommonly easy to kill people in large numbers, and the first
thing a principle does -- if it really is a principle -- is to kill somebody.
		-- Dorothy L. Sayers, "Gaudy Night"
A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the damned
things is ample.
		-- Rebecca West
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Interesting poll results reported in today's New York Post: people on the
street in midtown Manhattan were asked whether they approved of the US
invasion of Grenada.  Fifty-three percent said yes; 39 percent said no;
and 8 percent said "Gimme a quarter?"
		-- David Letterman
We the Users, in order to form a more perfect system, establish priorities,
ensure connective tranquility, provide for common repairs, promote preventive
maintenance, and secure the blessings of liberty for ourselves and our
processes, do ordain and establish this Software of The Unixed States
of America.
I'm having a MID-WEEK CRISIS!
If you can't read this, blame a teacher.
Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be
liable to a fine of one pound.  Any animal leading a blind person shall
be deemed to be a cat.
		-- Rule 46, Oxford Union Society, London
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the
difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
		-- Mark Twain
All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
		-- Susan Sontag
"It ain't so much the things we don't know that get us in trouble.  It's the
things we know that ain't so."
-- Artemus Ward aka Charles Farrar Brown
Confessions may be good for the soul, but they are bad for the reputation.
		-- Lord Thomas Dewar
There are no threads in a.b.p.erotica,  so there's no  gain in using a
threaded news reader.
(Unknown source)
Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.

Corollary:
	Following the rules will not get the job done.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
Push where it gives and scratch where it itches.
"A commercial, and in some respects a social, doubt has been started within the
 last year or two, whether or not it is right to discuss so openly the security
 or insecurity of locks.  Many well-meaning persons suppose that the discus-
 sion respecting the means for baffling the supposed safety of locks offers a
 premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest.  This is a fal-
 lacy.  Rogues are very keen in their profession, and already know much more
 than we can teach them respecting their several kinds of roguery.  Rogues knew
 a good deal about lockpicking long before locksmiths discussed it among them-
 selves, as they have lately done.  If a lock -- let it have been made in what-
 ever country, or by whatever maker -- is not so inviolable as it has hitherto
 been deemed to be, surely it is in the interest of *honest* persons to know
 this fact, because the *dishonest* are tolerably certain to be the first to
 apply the knowledge practically; and the spread of knowledge is necessary to
 give fair play to those who might suffer by ignorance.  It cannot be too ear-
 nestly urged, that an acquaintance with real facts will, in the end, be better
 for all parties."
-- Charles Tomlinson's Rudimentary Treatise on the Construction of Locks, 
   published around 1850 
"All we are given is possibilities -- to make ourselves one thing or another."
-- Ortega y Gasset
"Send lawyers, guns and money..."
-- Lyrics from a Warren Zevon song
13. ...  r-q1
Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters
needs pounding.
Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Can you see your neck?
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
This week we'll eat without guilt, and kick off our membership campaign,
	...by force-feeding a box of cornstarch to a skinny person.
		-- Garfield
A diplomat's life consists of three things: protocol, Geritol, and alcohol.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
	After the Children of Israel had wandered for thirty-nine years
in the wilderness, Ferdinand Feghoot arrived to make sure that they would
finally find and enter the Promised Land.  With him, he brought his
favorite robot, faithful old Yewtoo Artoo, to carry his gear and do
assorted camp chores.
	The Israelites soon got over their initial fear of the robot and,
as the months passed, became very fond of him.  Patriarchs took to
discussing abtruse theological problems with him, and each evening the
children all gathered to hear the many stories with which he was programmed.
Therefore it came as a great shock to them when, just as their journey was
ending, he abruptly wore out.  Even Feghoot couldn't console them.
	"It may be true, Ferdinand Feghoot," said Moses, "that our friend
Yewtoo Artoo was soulless, but we cannot believe it.  He must be properly
interred.  We cannot embalm him as do the Egyptians.  Nor have we wood for
a coffin.  But I do have a most splendid skin from one of Pharoah's own
cattle.  We shall bury him in it."
	Feghoot agreed.  "Yes, let this be his last rusting place."
	"Rusting?" Moses cried.  "Not in this dreadful dry desert!"
	"Ah!" sighed Ferdinand Feghoot, shedding a tear, "I fear you do not
realize the full significance of Pharoah's oxhide!"
		-- Grendel Briarton "Through Time & Space With Ferdinand
		   Feghoot!"
"Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par."
-- Dave Mack (mack@inco.UUCP)

"Yours is."
-- Allen Gwinn (allen@sulaco.sigma.com), in alt.flame
In the war of wits, he's unarmed.
It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons,
insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather
than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
		-- Napoleon, "Military Maxims and Thought"
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
		-- Mark Twain
Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
		-- Lazarus Long
Better tried by twelve than carried by six.
		-- Jeff Cooper
If all the seas were ink,
And all the reeds were pens,
And all the skies were parchment,
And all the men could write,
These would not suffice
To write down all the red tape
Of this Government. 
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish: God Almighty made 'em to match the men.
		-- George Eliot
One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan
is that there never was a plan in the first place.
You can observe a lot just by watching.  -- Yogi Berra
new, adj.:
	Different color from previous model.
	WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL:

Firings will continue until morale improves.
My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, "Mom, go for it!"
		-- Sue Murphy
Boucher's Observation:
	He who blows his own horn always plays the music
	several octaves higher than originally written.
What is mind?  No matter.  What is matter?  Never mind.
		-- Thomas Hewitt Key, 1799-1875
What an artist dies with me!
		-- Nero
We are sorry.  We cannot complete your call as dialed.  Please check
the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.

This is a recording.
Will this never-ending series of PLEASURABLE EVENTS never cease?
A pedestal is as much a prison as any small, confined space.
		-- Gloria Steinem
One toke over the line, sweet Mary,
One toke over the line,
Sittin' downtown in a railway station,
One toke over the line.
Waitin' for the train that goes home,
Hopin' that the train is on time,
Sittin' downtown in a railway station,
One toke over the line.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise
salesman.
Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands, meet exciting interesting people,
and kill them.
Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced.
- John Keats
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to
leave it behind.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.
Lots of girls can be had for a song.  Unfortunately, it often turns out to
be the wedding march.
untold wealth, n.:
	What you left out on April 15th.
If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
		-- Arthur Kasspe
Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have
learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
		-- W.S. Krabill
Example is not the main thing in influencing others.  It is the only thing.
		-- Albert Schweitzer
A successful [software] tool is one that was used to do something
undreamed of by its author.
		-- S. C. Johnson
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
The world is coming to an end--save your buffers!
It's a lot of fun being alive ... I wonder if my bed is made?!?
"Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward"
-- William E. Davidsen
Jesus is my POSTMASTER GENERAL ...
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
Indomitable in retreat; invincible in advance; insufferable in victory.
		-- Winston Churchill, on General Montgomery
The time for action is past!  Now is the time for senseless bickering.
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it.  If
people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it.  It's the truth.
		-- Charlie Chaplin
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I have to draw "Cubby" for an art scholarship.
	-- I have to sit up with a sick ant.
	-- I'm trying to be less popular.
	-- My bathroom tiles need grouting.
	-- I'm waiting to see if I'm already a winner.
	-- My subconscious says no.
	-- I just picked up a book called "Glue in Many Lands" and I
		can't seem to put it down.
	-- My favorite commercial is on TV.
	-- I have to study for my blood test.
	-- I've been traded to Cincinnati.
	-- I'm having my baby shoes bronzed.
	-- I have to go to court for kitty littering.
The Golden Rule of Arts and Sciences:
	He who has the gold makes the rules.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
		-- Frank Moore Colby
No hardware designer should be allowed to produce any piece of hardware
until three software guys have signed off for it.
		-- Andy Tanenbaum
Come live with me, and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands, and crystal brooks,
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
		-- John Donne
Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.
I used to be a rebel in my youth.

This cause... that cause... (chuckle) I backed 'em ALL!  But I learned.
Rebellion is simply a device used by the immature to hide from his own
problems.  So I lost interest in politics.  Now when I feel aroused by
a civil rights case or a passport hearing... I realize it's just a device.
I go to my analyst and we work it out.  You have no idea how much better
I feel these days.
		-- J. Feiffer
Slick's Three Laws of the Universe:
	(1)  Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
	(2)  A quarter-ounce of chocolate = four pounds of fat.
	(3)  There are two types of dirt:  the dark kind, which is
	    attracted to light objects, and the light kind, which is
	    attracted to dark objects.
If our behavior is strict, we do not need fun!
Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth but supreme beauty --
a beauty cold and austere, like that of a sculpture, without appeal to any
part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trapping of painting or music,
yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the
greatest art can show.  The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense
of being more than man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is
to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry.
		-- Bertrand Russell
No user-servicable parts inside.  Refer to qualified service personnel.
"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and
finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us.  "He is full of
murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by
their ignorance the hard way."
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, "Cat's Cradle"
Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber
At times discretion should be thrown aside,
and with the foolish we should play the fool.
		-- Menander
Time and tide wait for no man.
Well, my terminal's locked up, and I ain't got any Mail,
	And I can't recall the last time that my program didn't fail;
I've got stacks in my structs, I've got arrays in my queues,
	I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

If you think that it's nice that you get what you C,
	Then go : illogical statement with your whole family,
'Cause the Supreme Court ain't the only place with : Bus error views.
	I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.

On a PDP-11, life should be a breeze,
	But with VAXen in the house even magnetic tapes would freeze.
Now you might think that unlike VAXen I'd know who I abuse,
	I've got the : Segmentation violation -- Core dumped blues.
		-- Core Dumped Blues
It is through symbols that man consciously or unconsciously lives, works
and has his being.
		-- Thomas Carlyle
The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
		-- Merrick Furst
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single 
man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
In Germany they first came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because
I wasn't a Communist.  Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up
because I wasn't a Jew.  Then they came for the trade unionists, and I
didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.  Then they came for the
Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.  Then they came
for me -- and by that time no one was left to speak up.
		-- Pastor Martin Niemoller
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the
stupidity of your action.
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
		-- Dr. Konrad Adenauer
The Martian Canals were clearly the Martian's last ditch effort!
To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
		-- St. Augustine
McDonald's -- Because you're worth it.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself.
		-- Don Marquis
The power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of
the Force.
- Darth Vader
The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
	[so say said sentence sextuply...]
Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use
this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
		-- Machiavelli
This PIZZA symbolizes my COMPLETE EMOTIONAL RECOVERY!!
Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on
that subject.
		-- Charles-Maurice De Talleyrand
"Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is why he never used it."
		-- Dave Barry
Put your best foot forward.  Or just call in and say you're sick.
Coach: Can I draw you a beer, Norm?
Norm:  No, I know what they look like.  Just pour me one.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How about a beer, Norm?
Norm:  Hey I'm high on life, Coach.  Of course, beer is my life.
		-- Cheers, No Help Wanted

Coach: How's a beer sound, Norm?
Norm:  I dunno.  I usually finish them before they get a word in.
		-- Cheers, Fortune and Men's Weights
Bilbo's First Law:
	You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.
I'm pretending I'm pulling in a TROUT!  Am I doing it correctly??
	Mr. Jones related an incident from "some time back" when IBM Canada
Ltd. of Markham, Ont., ordered some parts from a new supplier in Japan.  The
company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.5 per cent
defects (a fairly high standard in North America at the time).
	The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in
plastic. The accompanying letter said: "We don't know why you want 1.5 per
cent defective parts, but for your convenience, we've packed them separately."
		-- Excerpted from an article in The (Toronto) Globe and Mail
There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
"When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
		-- Mark Twain
`Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried,
	As he landed his crew with care;
Supporting each man on the top of the tide
	By a finger entwined in his hair.

`Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it twice:
	That alone should encourage the crew.
Just the place for a Snark!  I have said it thrice:
	What I tell you three times is true.'
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
I never cheated an honest man, only rascals.  They wanted something for
nothing.  I gave them nothing for something.
		-- Joseph "Yellow Kid" Weil
"Why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity?"
 -Ronald Reagan
Is it NOUVELLE CUISINE when 3 olives are struggling with a scallop in a
plate of SAUCE MORNAY?
Real computer scientists don't comment their code.  The identifiers are
so long they can't afford the disk space.
Yow!  I just went below the poverty line!
THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVELININTHENIGHTDUDE
QOTD:
	"My shampoo lasts longer than my relationships."
"Intelligence without character is a dangerous thing."
-- G. Steinem
All your files have been destroyed (sorry).  Paul.
"America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort."
-- President John F. Kennedy
Live from New York ... It's Saturday Night!
It is Mr. Mellon's credo that $200,000,000 can do no wrong.  Our
offense consists in doubting it.
		-- Justice Robert H. Jackson
"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak
	For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak --
	Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,
	And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw,
	Has lasted the rest of my life."

"You are old," said the youth, "one would hardly suppose
	That your eye was as steady as ever;
Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose --
	What made you so awfully clever?"

"I have answered three questions, and that is enough,"
	Said his father.  "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!"
The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the bonds will
eventually mature.
For certain people, after fifty, litigation takes the place of sex.
		-- Gore Vidal
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

4. DO NOT COMPLAIN IF THE TREATMENT FAILS TO BRING RELIEF.
	You must believe that your doctor has achieved a deep insight into
	the true nature of your illness, which transcends any mere permanent
	disability you may have experienced.

5. NEVER ASK YOUR DOCTOR TO EXPLAIN WHAT HE IS DOING OR WHY HE IS DOING IT.
	It is presumptuous to assume that such profound matters could be
	explained in terms that you would understand.

6. SUBMIT TO NOVEL EXPERIMANTAL TREATMENT READILY.
	Though the surgery may not benefit you directly, the resulting
	research paper will surely be of widespread interest.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
	Friends were surprised, indeed, when Frank and Jennifer broke their 
engagement, but Frank had a ready explanation: "Would you marry someone who 
was habitually unfaithful, who lied at every turn, who was selfish and lazy 
and sarcastic?"
	"Of course not," said a sympathetic friend.
	"Well," retorted Frank, "neither would Jennifer."
"We cannot put off living until we are ready.  The most salient characteristic
of life is its coerciveness; it is always urgent, "here and now," without any
possible postponement.  Life is fired at us point blank."
-- Ortega y Gasset
Hlade's Law:
	If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person --
	they will find an easier way to do it.
"I shall expect a chemical cure for psychopathic behavior by 10 A.M. tomorrow,
or I'll have your guts for spaghetti."
-- a comic panel by Cotham 
If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing
of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur
of this life.
		-- Albert Camus
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
	A Scotsman was strolling across High Street one day wearing his kilt.
As he neared the far curb, he noticed two young blondes in a red convertible
eyeing him and giggling.  One of them called out, "Hey, Scotty!  What's worn
under the kilt?"
	He strolled over to the side of the car and asked, "Ach, lass, are you
SURE you want to know?"  Somewhat nervously, the blonde replied yes, she did
really want to know.
	The Scotsman leaned closer and confided, "Why, lass, nothing's worn
under the kilt, everything's in perfect workin' order!"
Good evening, gentlemen.  I am a HAL 9000 computer.  I became operational
at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred
ninety-five.  My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a
song.  If you would like, I could sing it for you.
	Two men looked out from the prison bars,
	One saw mud--
	The other saw stars.

Now let me get this right: two prisoners are looking out the window.
While one of them was looking at all the mud -- the other one got hit
in the head.
Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth.
		-- Picasso
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way
before it is understood.
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.  And if one can
neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
		-- Virginia Woolf, "To the Lighthouse"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to powerfail recovery.]
I don't need no arms around me...
I don't need no drugs to calm me...
I have seen the writing on the wall.
Don't think I need anything at all.
No!  Don't think I need anything at all!
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
		-- Pink Floyd, "Another Brick in the Wall", Part III
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
If you throw a New Year's Party, the worst thing that you can do would be
to throw the kind of party where your guests wake up today, and call you to
say they had a nice time.  Now you'll be be expected to throw another party
next year.
	What you should do is throw the kind of party where your guest wake
up several days from now and call their lawyers to find out if they've been
indicted for anything.  You want your guests to be so anxious to avoid a
recurrence of your party that they immediately start planning parties of their
own, a year in advance, just to prevent you from having another one ...
	If your party is successful, the police will knock on your door,
unless your party is very successful in which case they will lob tear gas
through your living room window.  As host, your job is to make sure that
they don't arrest anybody.  Or if they're dead set on arresting someone,
your job is to make sure it isn't you ...
		-- Dave Barry
"You who hate the Jews so, why did you adopt their religion?"
-- Friedrich Nietzsche, addressing anti-semitic Christians
Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.
		-- Snoopy
When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!
"Largely because it is so tangible and exciting a program and as such will
serve to keep alive the interest and enthusiasm of the whole spectrum of
society...It is justified because...the program can give a sense of shared
adventure and achievement to the society at large."
- Dr. Colin S. Pittendrigh, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex
facts.  Seek simplicity and distrust it.
		-- Whitehead.
And the silence came surging softly backwards
When the plunging hooves were gone...
		-- Walter de La Mare, "The Listeners"
It's interesting to think that many quite distinguished people have
bodies similar to yours.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10.
Please update your programs.
There is a multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.
		-- Spock, "A Taste of Armageddon", stardate 3193.9
Who dat who say "who dat" when I say "who dat"?
		-- Hattie McDaniel
No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- E.W. Howe
Barbie says, Take quaaludes in gin and go to a disco right away!
But Ken says, WOO-WOO!!  No credit at "Mr. Liquor"!!
That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
		-- Neil Armstrong
Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.
Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.
If Love Were Oil, I'd Be About A Quart Low
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard
How do you explain Wayne Newton's POWER over millions?  It's th' MOUSTACHE
...  Have you ever noticed th' way it radiates SINCERITY, HONESTY & WARMTH?
It's a MOUSTACHE you want to take HOME and introduce to NANCY SINATRA!
        [May one] doubt whether, in cheese and timber, worms are generated,
        or, if beetles and wasps, in cow-dung, or if butterflies, locusts,
        shellfish, snails, eels, and such life be procreated of putrefied
        matter, which is to receive the form of that creature to which it
        is by formative power disposed[?]  To question this is to question
        reason, sense, and experience.  If he doubts this, let him go to
        Egypt, and there he will find the fields swarming with mice begot
        of the mud of the Nylus, to the great calamity of the inhabitants.
                A seventeenth century opinion quoted by L. L. Woodruff,
                in *The Evolution of Earth and Man*, 1929
telepression, n.:
	The deep-seated guilt which stems from knowing that you did not try
	hard enough to look up the number on your own and instead put the
	burden on the directory assistant.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.
The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.
[Norm comes in with an attractive woman.]

Coach:  Normie, Normie, could this be Vera?
Norm:   With a lot of expensive surgery, maybe.
		-- Cheers, Norman's Conquest

Coach:  What's up, Normie?
Norm:   The temperature under my collar, Coach.
		-- Cheers, I'll Be Seeing You (Part 2)

Coach:  What would you say to a nice beer, Normie?
Norm:   Going down?
		-- Cheers, Diane Meets Mom
Ignore previous fortune.
Some points to remember [about animals]:
	(1) Don't go to sleep under big animals, e.g., elephants, rhinoceri,
	    hippopotamuses;
	(2) Don't put animals with sharp teeth or poisonous fangs down the
	    front of your clothes;
	(3) Don't pat certain animals, e.g., crocodiles and scorpions or dogs
	    you have just kicked.
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #12

O.E.D.:				David Lean, 1969, 3 hours 30 min.

	Lean's version of the Oxford Dictionary has been accused of
	shallowness in its treatment of a complete work.  Omar Sharif
	tends to overact as aardvark, but Alec Guiness is solid in
	the role of abbacy.  As usual, the photography is stunning.
	With Julie Christie.
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
"None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary 
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one 
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a 
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing 
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient 
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a 
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible."
-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work," p. 86 (1922):
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
		-- Charles McCabe
There is no sin but ignorance.
		-- Christopher Marlowe
Just remember, wherever you go, there you are.
		-- Buckaroo Bonzai
The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance
of the woman.
		-- Honor'e DeBalzac
Biz is better.
The bug starts here.
In which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?
I hope something GOOD came in the mail today so I have a REASON to live!!
Technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not understand.
If there is no wind, row.
		-- Polish proverb
Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone
else is driving.
		-- David Letterman
Of all men's miseries, the bitterest is this:
to know so much and have control over nothing.
		-- Herodotus
May's Law:
	The quality of correlation is inversly proportional to the density
	of control.  (The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.)
"Little else matters than to write good code."
-- Karl Lehenbauer
A woman physician has made the statement that smoking is neither
physically defective nor morally degrading, and that nicotine, even
when indulged to in excess, is less harmful than excessive petting."
		-- Purdue Exponent, Jan 16, 1925
There goes the good time that was had by all.
		-- Bette Davis, remarking on a passing starlet
My pen is at the bottom of a page,
Which, being finished, here the story ends;
'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done,
But stories somehow lengthen when begun.
		-- Byron
Yes, I've now got this nice little apartment in New York, one of those
L-shaped ones.  Unfortunately, it's a lower case l.
		-- Rita Rudner
Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs, 26:5
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet
when well oiled.
"We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call
free enterprise," said Cash McCall, "but when one of our citizens
show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do
our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself."
		-- Cameron Hawley
Humorists always sit at the children's table.
		-- Woody Allen
The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.
"Lying lips are abomination to the Lord; but they that deal truly are his 
 delight.
 A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
 He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto
 him.
 Be not a witness against thy neighbor without cause; and deceive not with 
 thy lips.
 Death and life are in the power of the tongue."
-- Proverbs, some selections from the Jewish Scripture
Everything might be different in the present if only one thing had
been different in the past.
It would be illogical to assume that all conditions remain stable.
		-- Spock, "The Enterprise" Incident", stardate 5027.3
Year, n.:
	A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.
She asked me, "What's your sign?"
I blinked and answered "Neon,"
I thought I'd blow her mind...
Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
		-- John Cougar, "Jack and Diane"
Avoid the Gates of Hell.  Use Linux
(Unknown source)
Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.
"Athens built the Acropolis.  Corinth was a commercial city, interested in
purely materialistic things.  Today we admire Athens, visit it, preserve the
old temples, yet we hardly ever set foot in Corinth."
- Dr. Harold Urey, Nobel Laureate in chemistry
===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

The garbage collector now works.  In addition a new, experimental garbage 
collection algorithm has been installed.  With SI:%DSK-GC-QLX-BITS set to 17,
(NOT the default) the old garbage collection algorithm remains in force; when 
virtual storage is filled, the machine cold boots itself.  With SI:%DSK-GC-
QLX-BITS set to 23, the new garbage collector is enabled.  Unlike most garbage
collectors, the new gc starts its mark phase from the mind of the user, rather 
than from the obarray.  This allows the garbage collection of significantly 
more Qs.  As the garbage collector runs, it may ask you something like "Do you
remember what SI:RDTBL-TRANS does?", and if you can't give a reasonable answer
in thirty seconds, the symbol becomes a candidate for GCing.  The variable 
SI:%GC-QLX-LUSER-TM governs how long the GC waits before timing out the user.
The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination -- but the
combination is locked up in the safe.
		-- Peter DeVries
"Humpf!" Humpfed a voice! "For almost two days you've run wild and insisted on
chatting with persons who've never existed.  Such carryings-on in our peaceable
jungle!  We've had quite enough of you bellowing bungle!  And I'm here to
state," snapped the big kangaroo, "That your silly nonsensical game is all
through!"  And the young kangaroo in her pouch said, "Me, too!"
	"With the help of the Wickersham Brothers and dozens of Wickersham
Uncles and Wickersham Cousins and Wickersham In-Laws, whose help I've engaged,
You're going to be roped!  And you're going to be caged!  And, as for your dust
speck...  Hah! That we shall boil in a hot steaming kettle of Beezle-Nut oil!"
		-- Dr. Seuss "Horton Hears a Who"
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which
otherwise require harder thinking.
		-- Jerome Lettvin
Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has
	the feeling that there is nothing important to do.
Death to all fanatics!
I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.
		-- The Who
When asked the definition of "pi":
The Mathematician:
	Pi is the number expressing the relationship between the
	circumference of a circle and its diameter.
The Physicist:
	Pi is 3.1415927, plus or minus 0.000000005.
The Engineer:
	Pi is about 3.
So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the
town gossip.
The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers, always end up on their ends
without any means.
		-- Saul Alinsky
To err is human, to purr feline.
To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and legally ... 
impeccable!
Since before the Earth was formed and before the sun burned hot in space,
cosmic forces of inexorable power have been working relentlessly toward
this moment in space-time -- your receiving this fortune.
This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...
"If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?"
-- Lily Tomlin
BLISS is ignorance.
Mix's Law:
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary building.
	There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
Once again dread deed is done.
Canon sleeps,
his all-knowing eye shaded
to human chance and circumstance.
Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley,
but Canon's sleep is troubled.

Beware, scant days past the Ides of July.
Impatient hands wait eagerly
to grasp, to hold
scant moments of time
wrested from life in the full
glory of Canon's power;
held captive by his unblinking eye.

Three golden orbs stand watch;
one each to toll the day, hour, minute
until predestiny decrees his reawakening.
When that feared moment arives,
"Ask not for whom the bell tolls,
It tolls for thee."
		-- "I extended the loan on your Camera, at the Pine
		   Valley Pawn Shop today"
Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you
that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?"
is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime
mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.
		-- Elizabeth Zwicky
My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
		-- Iphicrates
Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
		-- G.J. Danton
Q:	Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon?
A:	To impress Jodie Foster.
You will soon forget this.
Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.
I look at life as being cruise director on the Titanic.  I may not get
there, but I'm going first class.
		-- Art Buchwald
Being owned by someone used to be called slavery -- now it's called commitment.
QOTD:
	Flash!  Flash!  I love you! ...but we only have fourteen hours to
	save the earth!
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS
What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong
with every one of us -- and that's "selfishness."
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
Double!
Latin is a language,
As dead as can be.
First it killed the Romans,
And now it's killing me.
... I don't like FRANK SINATRA or his CHILDREN.
	"During the race
	 We may eat your dust,
	 But when you graduate,
	 You'll work for us."
	-- Reed College cheer
If you ever want to have a lot of fun, I recommend that you go off and program
an imbedded system.  The salient characteristic of an imbedded system is that
it cannot be allowed to get into a state from which only direct intervention
will suffice to remove it.  An imbedded system can't permanently trust anything
it hears from the outside world.  It must sniff around, adapt, consider, sniff
around, and adapt again.  I'm not talking about ordinary modular programming
carefulness here.  No.  Programming an imbedded system calls for undiluted
raging maniacal paranoia.  For example, our ethernet front ends need to know
what network number they are on so that they can address and route PUPs
properly.  How do you find out what your network number is?  Easy, you ask a
gateway.  Gateways are required by definition to know their correct network
numbers.  Once you've got your network number, you start using it and before
you can blink you've got it wired into fifteen different sockets spread all
over creation.  Now what happens when the panic-stricken operator realizes he
was running the wrong version of the gateway which was giving out the wrong
network number?  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  Supposing that your
software discovers that the gateway is now giving out a different network
number than before, what's it supposed to do about it?  This is not discussed
in the protocol document.  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  I think you 
get my drift.
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really over-
whelming majority of the crowd present.  Abusive and obscene language may
not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging panel,
or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing contestants
(unless struck by a boomerang).
		-- Mudgeeraba Creek Emu-Riding and Boomerang-Throwing Assoc.
"You who hate the Jews so, why did you adopt their religion?"
-- Friedrich Nietzsche, addressing anti-semitic Christians
	Carol's head ached as she trailed behind the unsmiling Calibrees
along the block of booths.  She chirruped at Kennicott, "Let's be wild!
Let's ride on the merry-go-round and grab a gold ring!"
	Kennicott considered it, and mumbled to Calibree, "Think you folks
would like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Calibree considered it, and mumbled to his wife, "Think you'd like
to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?"
	Mrs. Calibree smiled in a washed-out manner, and sighed, "Oh no,
I don't believe I care to much, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Calibree stated to Kennicott, "No, I don't believe we care to a
whole lot, but you folks go ahead and try it."
	Kennicott summarized the whole case against wildness: "Let's try
it some other time, Carrie."
	She gave it up.
		-- Sinclair Lewis, "Main Street"
The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
		-- Anne Boleyn
When the cup is full, carry it level.
My favorite sandwich is peanut butter, baloney, cheddar cheese, lettuce
and mayonnaise on toasted bread with catsup on the side.
		-- Senator Hubert Humphrey
Marriage, n.:
	The evil aye.
The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but the principle of the thing,"
it's the money.
		-- Kim Hubbard
	Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. does not warrant that the
functions contained in the program will meet your requirements or that
the operation of the program will be uninterrupted or error-free.
	However, Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. warrants the
diskette(s) on which the program is furnished to be of black color and
square shape under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the
date of purchase.
	NOTE: IN NO EVENT WILL COSMOTRONIC SOFTWARE UNLIMITED OR ITS
DISTRIBUTORS AND THEIR DEALERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
ANY LOST PROFIT, LOST SAVINGS, LOST PATIENCE OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
		-- Horstmann Software Design, the "ChiWriter" user manual
Once, adv.:
	Enough.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
		-- Dylan Thomas
In order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension.
One learns to itch where one can scratch.
		-- Ernest Bramah
Westheimer's Discovery:
	A couple of months in the laboratory can frequently save a
	couple of hours in the library.
Chicken Little was right.
"You can have my Unix system when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers."
-- Cal Keegan
Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.
A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief
as your goal.  There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of
dishonourable behaviour.  Unless she's really attractive.
		-- Bruce J. Friedman, "Sex and the Lonely Guy"
Gomme's Laws:
	(1) A backscratcher will always find new itches.
	(2) Time accelerates.
	(3) The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.
Teamwork is essential -- it allows you to blame someone else.
Facts are the enemy of truth.
		-- Don Quixote
My friend has a baby.  I'm writing down all the noises he makes so
later I can ask him what he meant.
		-- Steven Wright
Integrity has no need for rules.
QOTD:
	"If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it."
I think the world is run by C students.
		-- Al McGuire
"I am ready to meet my Maker.  Whether my Maker is prepared for the
great ordeal of meeting me is another matter."
		-- Winston Churchill
A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery, is the most tremendous object
in the whole creation.
		-- Goldsmith
	The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in
a position of negative need.
	He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
	He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous
liquid.
	He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
	He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal
prestige of His identity.
	It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make
ambulatory progress through the umbragious inter-hill mortality slot, terror
sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
	Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me
into a pleasurific mood state.
	You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure
in the context of non-cooperative elements.
	You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
	My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
	It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational
empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their
target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess
tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended
time basis.
Life's the same, except for the shoes.
- The Cars
The people of Gideon have always believed that life is sacred.  That
the love of life is the greatest gift ... We are incapable of
destroying or interfering with the creation of that which we love so
deeply -- life in every form from fetus to developed being.
		-- Hodin of Gideon, "The Mark of Gideon", stardate 5423.4
Come, every frustum longs to be a cone,
And every vector dreams of matrices.
Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze:
It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
Do not despair of life.  You have no doubt force enough to overcome your
obstacles.  Think of the fox prowling through wood and field in a winter night
for something to satisfy his hunger.  Notwithstanding cold and hounds and
traps, his race survives.  I do not believe any of them ever committed suicide.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
When he got in trouble in the ring, [Ali] imagined a door swung open and
inside he could see neon, orange, and green lights blinking, and bats
blowing trumpets and alligators blowing trombones, and he could hear snakes
screaming.  Weird masks and actors' clothes hung on the wall, and if he
stepped across the sill and reached for them, he knew that he was committing
himself to destruction.
		-- George Plimpton
If I could stick my pen in my heart,
I would spill it all over the stage.
Would it satisfy ya, would it slide on by ya,
Would you think the boy was strange?
Ain't he strange?
...
If I could stick a knife in my heart,
Suicide right on the stage,
Would it be enough for your teenage lust,
Would it help to ease the pain?
Ease your brain?
		-- Rolling Stones, "It's Only Rock'N Roll"
An aphorism is never exactly true; it is either a half-truth or
one-and-a-half truths.
		-- Karl Kraus
Support Mental Health.  Or I'll kill you.
It appears that PL/I (and its dialects) is, or will be, the most widely
used higher level language for systems programming.
		-- J. Sammet
For perfect happiness, remember two things:
	(1) Be content with what you've got.
	(2) Be sure you've got plenty.
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
Remember -- only 10% of anything can be in the top 10%.
Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
		-- Mark Twain
You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.
"The C Programming Language -- A language which combines the flexibility of
assembly language with the power of assembly language."
Nusbaum's Rule:
	The more pretentious the corporate name, the smaller the
	organization.  (For instance, the Murphy Center for the
	Codification of Human and Organizational Law, contrasted
	to IBM, GM, and AT&T.)
A fail-safe circuit will destroy others.
		-- Klipstein
I brought my BOWLING BALL -- and some DRUGS!!
SOMETIMES THE BEAUTY OF THE WORLD is so overwhelming, I just want to throw
back my head and gargle.  Just gargle and gargle and I don't care who hears
me because I am beautiful.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
There is no Father Christmas.  It's just a marketing ploy to make low income
parents' lives a misery.  ...  I want you to picture the trusting face of a
child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.  I want you to
picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one
Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
		-- Filthy Rich and Catflap
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out before the pencil,
you're overdoing it a little.
The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange
protein -- it rejects it.
		-- P. Medawar
Who wants to remember that escape-x-alt-control-left shift-b puts you into
super-edit-debug-compile mode?
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands, especially
Emacs.)
Push where it gives and scratch where it itches.
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you
really make them think they'll hate you.
Pudder's Law:
	Anything that begins well will end badly.
	(Note: The converse of Pudder's law is not true.)
You will be dead within a year.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
		-- Thomas Szasz
scribline, n.:
	The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's signature goes.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
If you MUST get married, it is always advisable to marry beauty.
Otherwise, you'll never find anybody to take her off your hands.
Having a baby isn't so bad.  If you're a female Emperor penguin in the
Antarctic.  She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father, then takes off
for warmer weather where she eats and eats and eats.  For two months, the
father stands stiff, without food, blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing
the egg on his feet.  After the little penguin is hatched, the mother
sees fit to come home.
		-- L.M. Boyd, "Austin American-Statesman"
I was the best I ever had.
		-- Woody Allen
Forgive and forget.
		-- Cervantes
A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles
in the road.
		-- Alexander Smith
			It's grad exam time...
COMPUTER SCIENCE
	Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating
system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert
this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system.  Prove that these fixes are
bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the
new system.  (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.)

MATHEMATICS
	If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long
it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the
length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Describe the Universe.  Give three examples.
Mike's Law:
For a lumber company employing two men and a cut-off saw, the
marginal product of labor for any number of additional workers
equals zero until the acquisition of another cut-off saw.
Let's not even consider a chainsaw.
- Mike Dennison
[You could always schedule the saw, though - ed.]
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
		-- Voltaire
Torque is cheap.
	*** STUDENT SUCCESSES ***

Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of
programming.  One former student developed the concept of the personalized
form letter.  Does the phrase, "Dear Mr.(insert name), You may already be a
winner!," sound familiar?  Another student writes "After only five lessons I
sold a "My Most Unforgettable Program" article to Corrosive Computing magazine.
Another of our graduates writes, "I recently completed a database-management
program for my department manager.  My program touched him so deeply that he
was speechless.  He told me later that he had never seen such a program in
his entire career.  Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could
have made this possible."  Send for our introductory brochure which explains
in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll
be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which
can vie for a set of free steak knives.  If you don't do it now, you'll hate
yourself in the morning.
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
		-- John Stuart Mill
A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program
in than some that do.
		-- Dennis M. Ritchie
QOTD:
	"You want me to put *holes* in my ears and hang things from them?
	How...  tribal."
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
		-- Philip Larkin on Anthony Burgess
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
		-- Gloria Steinem
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people
worry than work.
Your goose is cooked.
(Your current chick is burned up too!)
	A grade school teacher was asking students what their parents did
for a living.  "Tim, you be first," she said.  "What does your mother do
all day?"
	Tim stood up and proudly said, "She's a doctor."
	"That's wonderful.  How about you, Amie?"
	Amie shyly stood up, scuffed her feet and said, "My father is a
mailman."
	"Thank you, Amie," said the teacher.  "What about your father, Billy?"
	Billy proudly stood up and announced, "My daddy plays piano in a
whorehouse."
	The teacher was aghast and promptly changed the subject to geography.
Later that day she went to Billy's house and rang the bell.  Billy's father
answered the door.  The teacher explained what his son had said and demanded
an explanation.
	Billy's father replied, "Well, I'm really an attorney.  But how do
you explain a thing like that to a seven-year-old child?"
A doctor was stranded with a lawyer in a leaky life raft in shark-infested
waters. The doctor tried to swim ashore but was eaten by the sharks. The
lawyer, however, swam safely past the bloodthirsty sharks.  "Professional
courtesy," he explained.
Adhere to your own act, and congratulate yourself if you have done something
strange and extravagant, and broken the monotony of a decorous age.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Carson's Observation on Footwear:
	If the shoe fits, buy the other one too.
Think of it!  With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
Hindsight is always 20:20.
		-- Billy Wilder
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
The Road goes ever on and on
Down from the door where it began.
Now far ahead the Road has gone,
And I must follow, if I can,
Pursuing it with eager feet,
Until it joins some larger way
Where many paths and errands meet.
And whither then?  I cannot say.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself a therapy.
		-- Karl Kraus

Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.

Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
		-- C.G. Jung
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
- Voltaire
Say something you'll be sorry for, I love receiving apologies.
"Necessity is the mother of invention" is a silly proverb.  "Necessity
is the mother of futile dodges" is much nearer the truth.
		-- Alfred North Whitehead
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a
hole in his head.
"Thirty days hath Septober,
April, June, and no wonder.
all the rest have peanut butter
except my father who wears red suspenders."
His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
		-- Foghorn Leghorn
Three rules for sounding like an expert:
	(1) Oversimplify your explanations to the point of uselessness.
	(2) Always point out second-order effects, but never point out
	    when they can be ignored.
	(3) Come up with three rules of your own.
Gumperson's Law:
	The probability of a given event occurring is inversely
	proportional to its desirability.
We don't like their sound.  Groups of guitars are on the way out.
		-- Decca Recording Company, turning down the Beatles, 1962
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know
what his grandson will be.
		-- Abraham Lincoln
The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
		-- T. Cheatham
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for
the people.
		-- Oscar Wilde
While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
		-- Edgar Allan Poe, "The Raven"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to hardware interrupts.]
 
And now I see with eye serene
The very pulse of the machine.
		-- William Wordsworth, "She Was a Phantom of Delight"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to software interrupts.]
You have mail.
[Babe] Ruth made a big mistake when he gave up pitching.
		-- Tris Speaker, 1921
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

4. DO NOT COMPLAIN IF THE TREATMENT FAILS TO BRING RELIEF.
	You must believe that your doctor has achieved a deep insight into
	the true nature of your illness, which transcends any mere permanent
	disability you may have experienced.

5. NEVER ASK YOUR DOCTOR TO EXPLAIN WHAT HE IS DOING OR WHY HE IS DOING IT.
	It is presumptuous to assume that such profound matters could be
	explained in terms that you would understand.

6. SUBMIT TO NOVEL EXPERIMANTAL TREATMENT READILY.
	Though the surgery may not benefit you directly, the resulting
	research paper will surely be of widespread interest.
Who to himself is law no law doth need,
offends no law, and is a king indeed.
		-- George Chapman
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
		-- H.H. Munro
"Now here's something you're really going to like!"
-- Rocket J. Squirrel
In 1962, you could buy a pair of SHARKSKIN SLACKS, with a "Continental
Belt," for $10.99!!
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work ... I did not, when
a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent
songs.  I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as
those without might see and hear.  They told a tale which was then altogether
beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep,
breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest
anguish.  Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God
for deliverance from chains.
		-- Frederick Douglass
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
		-- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"
The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.
Look into my eyes and try to forget that you have a Macy's charge card!
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could
know how seldom they do.
		-- Olin Miller.
What fools these mortals be.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
There is nothing which cannot be answered by means of my doctrine," said
a monk, coming into a teahouse where Nasrudin sat.
	"And yet just a short time ago, I was challenged by a scholar with
an unanswerable question," said Nasrudin.
	"I could have answered it if I had been there."
	"Very well.  He asked, 'Why are you breaking into my house in
the middle of the night?'"
As usual, this being a 1.3.x release, I haven't even compiled this
kernel yet.  So if it works, you should be doubly impressed.
(Linus Torvalds, announcing kernel 1.3.3 on the linux-kernel mailing list.)
This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.  Some expansion of the
contents may have occurred during shipment.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
	"Any news from the President on a successor?" he asked hopefully.
	"None," Anita replied.  "She's having great difficulty finding someone
qualified who is willing to accept the post."
	"Then I stay," said Dr. Fresh.  "I'm not good for much, but I
can at least make a decision."
	"Somewhere," he grumphed, "there must be a naive, opportunistic
young welp with a masochistic streak who would like to run the most
up-and-down bureaucracy in the history of mankind."
		-- R.L. Forward, "Flight of the Dragonfly"
Humor in the Court:
Q: Now, you have investigated other murders, have you not, where there was
   a victim?
"Success covers a multitude of blunders."
-- George Bernard Shaw
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones,
as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
		-- Leonardo da Vinci
There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
		-- The Duke of Wellington
JAPAN is a WONDERFUL planet -- I wonder if we'll ever reach their level
of COMPARATIVE SHOPPING ...
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a
statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious 
to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, 
which morally we can do.  To affect the quality of the day, that is the
highest of arts. Every man is tasked to make his life, even in its details,
worthy of the contemplation of his most elevated and critical hour.
		-- Henry David Thoreau, "Where I Live"
Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.
		-- H.R. Haldeman
Semper Fi, dude.
You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements.
		-- Norman Douglas
No woman ever falls in love with a man unless she has a better opinion of
him than he deserves.
		-- Edgar Watson Howe
"Flight Reservation systems decide whether or not you exist. If your information
isn't in their database, then you simply don't get to go anywhere."
-- Arthur Miller
I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
	A New York City judge ruled that if two women behind you at the
movies insist on discussing the probable outcome of the film, you have the
right to turn around and blow a Bronx cheer at them.
Lo!  Men have become the tool of their tools.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
		-- Charles D'Hericault
We gave you an atomic bomb, what do you want, mermaids?
		-- I. I. Rabi to the Atomic Energy Commission
Mind your own business, Spock.  I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
"An open mind has but one disadvantage: it collects dirt."
-- a saying at RPI
	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a
new theatrical season.  "Who am I to stone the first cast?"
Well, you know, no matter where you go, there you are.
		-- Buckaroo Banzai
This is the story of the bee
Whose sex is very hard to see

You cannot tell the he from the she
But she can tell, and so can he

The little bee is never still
She has no time to take the pill

And that is why, in times like these
There are so many sons of bees.
Beam me up, Scotty!
Happiness is the greatest good.
The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
		-- Scotty
If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
		-- Chinese proverb
The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.
I don't kill flies, but I like to mess with their minds.  I hold them above
globes.  They freak out and yell "Whooa, I'm *way* too high."
		-- Bruce Baum
Schapiro's Explanation:
	The grass is always greener on the other side -- but that's
	because they use more manure.
Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.
	"A penny for your thoughts?"
	"A dollar for your death."
		-- The Odd Couple
There is is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home.
		-- Ken Olsen (President of Digital Equipment Corporation),
		   Convention of the World Future Society, in Boston, 1977
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work ... I did not, when
a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent
songs.  I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as
those without might see and hear.  They told a tale which was then altogether
beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep,
breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest
anguish.  Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God
for deliverance from chains.
		-- Frederick Douglass
Boy, get your head out of the stars above,
You get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
To get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough,
And get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
		-- Mac Macinelli, "Minimum Love"
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
		-- Alan Perlis
When you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself
Americanized.
My weight is perfect for my height -- which varies.
Too cool to calypso,
Too tough to tango,
Too weird to watusi
		-- The Only Ones
Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime.
For a first offense, that is.
What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used car salesman?

A used car salesman knows when he's lying.
If I felt any more SOPHISTICATED I would DIE of EMBARRASSMENT!
-- Scintillate, scintillate, asteroid minikin.
-- Members of an avian species of identical plumage congregate.
-- Surveillance should precede saltation.
-- Pulchritude possesses solely cutaneous profundity.
-- It is fruitless to become lachrymose over precipitately departed
	lacteal fluid.
-- Freedom from incrustations of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
-- It is fruitless to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated
	canine with innovative maneuvers.
-- Eschew the implement of correction and vitiate the scion.
-- The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly
	galled saucepan does not reach 212 degrees Farenheit.
"A mind is a terrible thing to have leaking out your ears."
-- The League of Sadistic Telepaths
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
		-- Hector Berlioz
Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the
reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest
amount of hot air.
		-- Thomas L. Martin
Jim, it's Grace at the bank.  I checked your Christmas Club account.
You don't have five-hundred dollars.  You have fifty.  Sorry, computer foul-up!
		-- "The Rockford Files"
Chisolm's First Corollary to Murphy's Second Law:
	When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.
There's no justice in this world.
		-- Frank Costello, on the prosecution of "Lucky" Luciano by
		   New York district attorney Thomas Dewey after Luciano had
		   saved Dewey from assassination by Dutch Schultz (by ordering
		   the assassination of Schultz instead)
Has everybody got HALVAH spread all over their ANKLES?? ...  Now, it's
time to "HAVE A NAGEELA"!!
Experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way.
Norm:  Gentlemen, start your taps.
		-- Cheers, The Coach's Daughter

Coach: How's life treating you, Norm?
Norm:  Like it caught me in bed with his wife.
		-- Cheers, Any Friend of Diane's

Coach: How's life, Norm?
Norm:  Not for the squeamish, Coach.
		-- Cheers, Friends, Romans, and Accountants
What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used car salesman?

A used car salesman knows when he's lying.
We is confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Pogo"
Don't lose
Your head
To gain a minute
You need your head
Your brains are in it.
		-- Burma Shave
Gerrold's Laws of Infernal Dynamics:
	(1) An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
	(2) An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
	(3) The energy required to change either one of these states
	   will always be more than you wish to expend, but never so
	   much as to make the task totally impossible.
The trouble is, there is an endless supply of White Men, but there has
always been a limited number of Human Beings.
		-- Little Big Man
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
		-- Steven Wright
filibuster, n.:
	Throwing your wait around.
I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern,
any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted.  Mythology
comes nearest to it of any.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
Matrimony is the root of all evil.
****  GROWTH CENTER REPAIR SERVICE

For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos. Tired of
being genuine all the time?  Would you like to learn how to be a little
phony again?  Have you disclosed so much that you're beginning to avoid
people? Have you touched so many people that they're all beginning to
feel the same? Like to be a little dependent? Are perfect orgasms
beginning to bore you? Would you like, for once, not to express a
feeling?  Or better yet, not be in touch with it at all?  Come to us.  We
promise to relieve you of the burden of your great potential.
A fox is a wolf who sends flowers.
		-- Ruth Weston
An office party is not, as is sometimes supposed the Managing Director's
chance to kiss the tea-girl.  It is the tea-girl's chance to kiss the
Managing Director (however bizarre an ambition this may seem to anyone
who has seen the Managing Director face on).
		-- Katherine Whitehorn, "Roundabout"
May you have warm words on a cold evening,
a full mooon on a dark night,
and a smooth road all the way to your door.
"The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them."
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"
I'm having a tax-deductible experience!  I need an energy crunch!!
We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
		-- Jean de la Bruyere
I've run DOOM more in the last few days than I have the last few
months.  I just love debugging ;-)
(Linus Torvalds)
Snow Day -- stay home.
"I believe the use of noise to make music will increase until we reach a
music produced through the aid of electrical instruments which will make
available for musical purposes any and all sounds that can be heard."
-- composer John Cage, 1937
It isn't easy being a Friday kind of person in a Monday kind of world.
All the men on my staff can type.
		-- Bella Abzug
	A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.  He came back from
his honeymoon a chastened man.  He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.
QOTD:
	"When she hauled ass, it took three trips."
"Were there no women, men might live like gods."
-- Thomas Dekker
QOTD:
	"You're so dumb you don't even have wisdom teeth."
He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of his opinion.
It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
		-- Phil Lapsley
"Trust me":
	Translation of the Latin "caveat emptor."
Surprise due today.  Also the rent.
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
		-- D. Gries
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #13
A:	Doc, Happy, Bashful, Dopey, Sneezy, Sleepy, & Grumpy
Q:	Who were the Democratic presidential candidates?
I have accepted Provolone into my life!
The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great height
but just above the ground.  It seems more designed to make people stumble
than to be walked upon.
		-- Franz Kafka
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
"I have recently been examining all the known superstitions of the world,
 and do not find in our particular superstition (Christianity) one redeeming
 feature.  They are all alike founded on fables and mythology."
-- Thomas Jefferson
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
		-- A.H. Weiler
Wilcox's Law:
	A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
Question authority.
Leona, I want to CONFESS things to you ... I want to WRAP you in a SCARLET
ROBE trimmed with POLYVINYL CHLORIDE ... I want to EMPTY your ASHTRAYS ...
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent
and original in your work.
		-- Flaubert
There's a lot to be said for not saying a lot.
"It's what you learn after you know it all that counts."
-- John Wooden
What do you have when you have six lawyers buried up to their necks in sand?
Not enough sand.
Space is to place as eternity is to time.
		-- Joseph Joubert
The average Ph.D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from
one graveyard to another.
		-- J. Frank Dobie, "A Texan in England"
QOTD:
	"Everything I am today I owe to people, whom it is now
	to late to punish."
The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.
Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
Humor in the Court:
Q.  Were you aquainted with the deceased?
A.  Yes, sir.
Q.  Before or after he died?
Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent person could harbor
two opposing ideas in his mind?
		-- Adlai Stevenson, to reporters
If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
		-- Marvin Kitman
Money isn't everything -- but it's a long way ahead of what comes next.
		-- Sir Edmond Stockdale
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions:

We think that we may take judicial notice of the fact that the term "bitch"
may imply some feeling of endearment when applied to a female of the canine
species but that it is seldom, if ever, so used when applied to a female
of the human race. Coming as it did, reasonably close on the heels of two
revolver shots directed at the person of whom it was probably used, we think
it carries every reasonable implication of ill-will toward that person.
		-- Smith v. Moran, 193 N.E. 2d 466.
Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets,
The muttering retreats
Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels
And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells:
Streets that follow like a tedious argument
Of insidious intent
To lead you to an overwhelming question...
Oh, do not ask, "What is it?"
		-- T.S. Eliot, "Love song of J. Alfred Prufrock"
Plots are like girdles.  Hidden, they hold your interest; revealed, they're
of no interest except to fetishists. Like girdles, they attempt to contain
an uncontainable experience.
		-- R.S. Knapp
There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both plants
and animals.  When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis; and when
the lights go out, they turn into animals.  But then again, don't we all?
The best things in life are for a fee.
No matter how much you do you never do enough.
	"Anything else, sir?" asked the attentive bellhop, trying his best
to make the lady and gentleman comfortable in their penthouse suite in the
posh hotel.
	"No.  No, thank you," replied the gentleman.
	"Anything for your wife, sir?" the bellhop asked.
	"Why, yes, young man," said the gentleman.  "Would you bring me a
postcard?"
But you shall not escape my iambics.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
		-- George Santayana
I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets
fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
HELP!!!! I'm being held prisoner in /usr/games/lib!
statistics, n.:
	A system for expressing your political prejudices in convincing
	scientific guise.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
		-- Bertolt Brecht
I guess it was all a DREAM ... or an episode of HAWAII FIVE-O ...
Age is a tyrant who forbids, at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.
An efficient and a successful administration manifests itself equally in
small as in great matters.  
		-- W. Churchill
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't
really worth having.
The time for action is past!  Now is the time for senseless bickering.
QOTD:
	"Say, you look pretty athletic.  What say we put a pair of tennis
	shoes on you and run you into the wall?"
I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child -- sometimes
on the same day.
Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Two Gentlemen of Verona"
David Letterman's "Things we can be proud of as Americans":

	* Greatest number of citizens who have actually boarded a UFO
	* Many newspapers feature "JUMBLE"
	* Hourly motel rates
	* Vast majority of Elvis movies made here
	* Didn't just give up right away during World War II
		like some countries we could mention
	* Goatees & Van Dykes thought to be worn only by weenies
	* Our well-behaved golf professionals
	* Fabulous babes coast to coast
"A commercial, and in some respects a social, doubt has been started within the
 last year or two, whether or not it is right to discuss so openly the security
 or insecurity of locks.  Many well-meaning persons suppose that the discus-
 sion respecting the means for baffling the supposed safety of locks offers a
 premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest.  This is a fal-
 lacy.  Rogues are very keen in their profession, and already know much more
 than we can teach them respecting their several kinds of roguery.  Rogues knew
 a good deal about lockpicking long before locksmiths discussed it among them-
 selves, as they have lately done.  If a lock -- let it have been made in what-
 ever country, or by whatever maker -- is not so inviolable as it has hitherto
 been deemed to be, surely it is in the interest of *honest* persons to know
 this fact, because the *dishonest* are tolerably certain to be the first to
 apply the knowledge practically; and the spread of knowledge is necessary to
 give fair play to those who might suffer by ignorance.  It cannot be too ear-
 nestly urged, that an acquaintance with real facts will, in the end, be better
 for all parties."
-- Charles Tomlinson's Rudimentary Treatise on the Construction of Locks, 
   published around 1850 
Thank you for observing all safety precautions.
Scientists were preparing an experiment to ask the ultimate question.
They had worked for months gathering one each of every computer that was
built. Finally the big day was at hand.  All the computers were linked
together.  They asked the question, "Is there a God?".  Lights started
blinking, flashing and blinking some more.  Suddenly, there was a loud
crash, and a bolt of lightning came down from the sky, struck the
computers, and welded all the connections permanently together.  "There
is now", came the reply.
It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
		-- Alexander Korda
It was pleasant to me to get a letter from you the other day.  Perhaps
I should have found it pleasanter if I had been able to decipher it.  I
don't think that I mastered anything beyond the date (which I knew) and
the signature (which I guessed at).  There's a singular and a perpetual
charm in a letter of yours; it never grows old, it never loses its
novelty.  Other letters are read and thrown away and forgotten, but
yours are kept forever -- unread.  One of them will last a reasonable
man a lifetime.
		-- Thomas Aldrich
I am two with nature.
		-- Woody Allen
			Pittsburgh driver's test
			
(10) Potholes are

	(a) extremely dangerous.
	(b) patriotic.
	(c) the fault of the previous administration.
	(d) all going to be fixed next summer.

The correct answer is (b). Potholes destroy unpatriotic, unamerican,
imported cars, since the holes are larger than the cars.  If you drive a
big, patriotic, American car you have nothing to worry about.
My Aunt MAUREEN was a military advisor to IKE & TINA TURNER!!
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
		-- Harrison
Never trust a child farther than you can throw it.
I refuse to consign the whole male sex to the nursery.  I insist on
believing that some men are my equals.
		-- Brigid Brophy
They also surf who only stand on waves.
The heart is not a logical organ.
		-- Dr. Janet Wallace, "The Deadly Years", stardate 3479.4
Lo!  Men have become the tool of their tools.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
job interview, n.:
	The excruciating process during which personnel officers
	separate the wheat from the chaff -- then hire the chaff.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.
disbar, n:
	As distinguished from some other bar.
Please don't recommend me to your friends-- it's difficult enough to
cope with you alone.
Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
		-- David Nichols
But I find the old notions somehow appealing.  Not that I want to go back
to them -- it is outrageous to have some outer authority tell you what is
proper use and abuse of your own faculties, and it is ludicrous to hold
reason higher than body or feeling.  Still there is something true and
profoundly sane about the belief that acts like murder or theft or
assault violate the doer as well as the done to.  We might even, if we
thought this way, have less crime.  The popular view of crime, as far as
I can deduce it from the movies and television, is that it is a breaking
of a rule by someone who thinks they can get away with that; implicitly,
everyone would like to break the rule, but not everyone is arrogant
enough to imagine they can get away with it.  It therefore becomes very
important for the rule upholders to bring such arrogance down.
		-- Marilyn French, "The Woman's Room"
Life is like bein' on a mule team.  Unless you're the lead mule, all the
scenery looks about the same.
They don't know how the world is shaped.  And so they give it a shape, and
try to make everything fit it.  They separate the right from the left, the
man from the woman, the plant from the animal, the sun from the moon. They
only want to count to two.
		-- Emma Bull, "Bone Dance"
This ASEXUAL PIG really BOILS my BLOOD ... He's so ... so ... URGENT!!
All heiresses are beautiful.
		-- John Dryden
"The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in bed with a dead 
girl or a live boy."
-- Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards
My LESLIE GORE record is BROKEN ...
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could
know how seldom they do.
		-- Olin Miller.
He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will be the greatest
benefactor the world has yet known.
		-- Sir Richard Burton
The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another
mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same
being who produces the impressions.
		-- Marquis D.A.F. de Sade
enhance, v.:
	To tamper with an image, usually to its detriment.
Office Automation:
	The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office
	by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.
Fortune and love befriend the bold.
		-- Ovid
Politics is not the art of the possible.  It consists in choosing
between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
One picture is worth 128K words.
You can't break eggs without making an omelet.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
from where you left them to where you can't find them.
If God is One, what is bad?
		-- Charles Manson
Illiterate?  Write today, for free help!
"Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberrys!"
-- Monty Python and the Holy Grail
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Mohandas K. Gandhi often changed his mind publicly.  An aide once asked him
how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week.
The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.
Air pollution is really making us pay through the nose.
Ho! Ho! Ho! to the bottle I go
To heal my heart and drown my woe.
Rain may fall and wind may blow,
And many miles be still to go,
But under a tall tree I will lie,
And let the clouds go sailing by.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
"The computer programmer is a creator of universes for which he alone
 is responsible. Universes of virtually unlimited complexity can be
 created in the form of computer programs."
-- Joseph Weizenbaum, _Computer Power and Human Reason_
Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an
autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
		-- Marlo Thomas
All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
		-- The Book of Bokonon / Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Here in my heart, I am Helen;
	I'm Aspasia and Hero, at least.
I'm Judith, and Jael, and Madame de Sta"el;
	I'm Salome, moon of the East.

Here in my soul I am Sappho;
	Lady Hamilton am I, as well.
In me R'ecamier vies with Kitty O'Shea,
	With Dido, and Eve, and poor Nell.

I'm all of the glamorous ladies
	At whose beckoning history shook.
But you are a man, and see only my pan,
	So I stay at home with a book.
		-- Dorothy Parker
fortune: cpu time/usefulness ratio too high -- core dumped.
"Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature.  It's a piss-poor
reptile and not very much of a bird."
- Melvin Konner, from "The Tangled Wing", quoting a zoologist who has
studied the archeopteryz and found it "very much like people"
Dr. Livingston?
Dr. Livingston I. Presume?
"Right now I feel that I've got my feet on the ground as far as my head
is concerned."
-- Baseball pitcher Bo Belinsky
Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.
Now is the time for drinking; now the time to beat the earth with
unfettered foot.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is ugly and the paper
is from the wrong kind of tree.
		-- Professor, EECS, George Washington University

I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
		-- Professor, Harvard, on a  senior thesis.
Allen's Axiom:
	When all else fails, read the instructions.
You need tender loving care once a week - so that I can slap you into shape.
- Ellyn Mustard
In war, truth is the first casualty.
		-- U Thant
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up
in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant
is forever blessed.
		-- Old Japanese proverb
In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.
People need good lies.  There are too many bad ones.
		-- Bokonon, "Cat's Cradle" by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.
Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
		-- Dr. Kasi Ananthanarayanan
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The young lady had an unusual list,
Linked in part to a structural weakness.
She set no preconditions.
After all my erstwhile dear,
My no longer cherished,
Need we say it was not love,
Just because it perished?
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay
Once it hits the fan, the only rational choice is to sweep it up, package it,
and sell it as fertilizer.
The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the dead on the beach.
The Killer Ducks are coming!!!
Wonderful day.  Your hangover just makes it seem terrible.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their
correctness never does.
The Worst American Poet
	Julia Moore, "the Sweet Singer of Michigan" (1847-1920) was so bad that
Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years.
	Her verse was mainly concerned with violent death -- the great fire
of Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her pen.
	Whether death was by drowning, by fits or by runaway sleigh, the
formula was the same:
		Have you heard of the dreadful fate
		Of Mr. P.P. Bliss and wife?
		Of their death I will relate,
		And also others lost their life
		(in the) Ashbula Bridge disaster,
		Where so many people died.
	Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems,
the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a
river or struck by lightning.  A critic of the day said she was "worse than
a Gatling gun" and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded.
	Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even
suggesting that the sweet singer was "semi-literate".  Her reply was
forthright: "The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went
beyond reason."  She added that "literary work is very difficult to do".
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have
gotten the hostages released.  I thank God they were satisfied with the
missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
- Oliver North
Why I Can't Go Out With You:

I'd LOVE to, but...
	-- I'm trying to see how long I can go without saying yes.
	-- I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
	-- The monsters haven't turned blue yet, and I have to eat more dots.
	-- I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
	-- I have to fulfill my potential.
	-- I don't want to leave my comfort zone.
	-- It's too close to the turn of the century.
	-- I have to bleach my hare.
	-- I'm worried about my vertical hold knob.
	-- I left my body in my other clothes.
K:	Cobalt's metal, hard and shining;
	Cobol's wordy and confining;
	KOBOLDS topple when you strike them;
	Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC
Her locks an ancient lady gave
Her loving husband's life to save;
And men -- they honored so the dame --
Upon some stars bestowed her name.

But to our modern married fair,
Who'd give their lords to save their hair,
No stellar recognition's given.
There are not stars enough in heaven.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go
to erase it.
		-- Glaser and Way
When I'm good, I'm great; but when I'm bad, I'm better.
		-- Mae West
...this is an awesome sight.  The entire rebel resistance buried under six
million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
- The Firesign Theater
He who writes with no misspelled words has prevented a first suspicion
on the limits of his scholarship or, in the social world, of his general
education and culture.
		-- Julia Norton McCorkle
Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty
Often have a share in their misfortunes.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "The Caucasian Chalk Circle"
Worlds are conquered, galaxies destroyed -- but a woman is always a woman.
		-- Kirk, "The Conscience of the King", stardate 2818.9
	Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL
character named Jack.  Jack and his relations were poor.  Often their
hash table was bare.  One day Jack's parent said to him, "Our matrices
are sparse.  You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some
BASICs."  She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it
to him.
	So Jack set out.  But as he was walking along a Hamilton path,
he met the traveling salesman.
	"Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?" prompted the salesman
in high-level language.
	"I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips
and Apples," commented Jack.
	"I have a much better algorithm.  You needn't join a queue
there; I will swap your RAM for these magic kernels now."
	Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.  But when
he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she
started thrashing.
	"Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?  All these
kernels together hardly make up one byte," and she popped them out the
window...
		-- Mark Isaak, "Jack and the Beanstack"
"Science makes godlike -- it is all over with priests and gods when man becomes
 scientific.  Moral:  science is the forbidden as such -- it alone is 
 forbidden.  Science is the *first* sin, the *original* sin.  *This alone is
 morality.* ``Thou shalt not know'' -- the rest follows."
-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Magpie, n.:
	A bird whose theivish disposition suggested to someone that it
	might be taught to talk.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Xerox your lunch and file it under "sex offenders"!
> The day people think linux would be better served by somebody else (FSF
> being the natural alternative), I'll "abdicate".  I don't think that
> it's something people have to worry about right now - I don't see it
> happening in the near future.  I enjoy doing linux, even though it does
> mean some work, and I haven't gotten any complaints (some almost timid
> reminders about a patch I have forgotten or ignored, but nothing
> negative so far).
>
> Don't take the above to mean that I'll stop the day somebody complains:
> I'm thick-skinned (Lasu, who is reading this over my shoulder commented
> that "thick-HEADED is closer to the truth") enough to take some abuse.
> If I weren't, I'd have stopped developing linux the day ast ridiculed me
> on c.o.minix.  What I mean is just that while linux has been my baby so
> far, I don't want to stand in the way if people want to make something
> better of it (*).
>
>                 Linus
>
> (*) Hey, maybe I could apply for a saint-hood from the Pope.  Does
> somebody know what his email-address is? I'm so nice it makes you puke.
(Taken from Linus's reply to someone worried about the future of Linux)
If you are looking for a kindly, well-to-do older gentleman who is no
longer interested in sex, take out an ad in The Wall Street Journal.
		-- Abigail Van Buren
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
		-- Mark Twain
Most general statements are false, including this one.
		-- Alexander Dumas
"Marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it."
-- Baskins
		      THE STORY OF CREATION
			       or
			 THE MYTH OF URK

In the beginning there was data.  The data was without form and null, and
darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of IBM was moving
over the face of the market.  And DEC said, "Let there be registers;" and
there were registers.  And DEC saw that they carried; and DEC separated the
data from the instructions.  DEC called the data Stack, and the instructions
they called Code.  And there was evening and there was morning, one interrupt
...
		-- Rico Tudor
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
		-- David Gerrold
An egghead is one who stands firmly on both feet, in mid-air, on both
sides of an issue.
		-- Homer Ferguson
No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Is not that the nature of men and women -- that the pleasure is in the
learning of each other?
		-- Natira, the High Priestess of Yonada, "For the World is
		   Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky", stardate 5476.3.
"When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical."
		-- Jon Carroll
Yawd [noun, Bostonese]:  the campus of Have Id.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary
I thought there was something fishy about the butler.  Probably a Pisces,
working for scale.
		-- Firesign Theatre, "The Further Adventures of Nick Danger"
And if California slides into the ocean,
Like the mystics and statistics say it will.
I predict this motel will be standing,
Until I've paid my bill.
		-- Warren Zevon, "Desperados Under the Eaves"
	"In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa
to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to
like them, and I'm old-fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely
baroque feel to a continent.  And they tell me it's not equatorial enough.
Equatorial!"  He gave a hollow laugh.  "What does it matter?  Science has
achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than
right any day."
	"And are you?"
	"No.  That's where it all falls down, of course."
	"Pity," said Arthur with sympathy.  "It sounded like quite a good
life-style otherwise."
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
You can't break eggs without making an omelet.
My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more
"user-friendly".  ...  Their best approach, so far, has been to take all
the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover.
		-- Bill Gates, Microsoft, Inc.
	[Pot. Kettle. Black.]
Q:	How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
"There is such a fine line between genius and stupidity."
- David St. Hubbins, "Spinal Tap"
Bathquake, n.:
	The violent quake that rattles the entire house when the water
	faucet is turned on to a certain point.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
Having a baby isn't so bad.  If you're a female Emperor penguin in the
Antarctic.  She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father, then takes off
for warmer weather where she eats and eats and eats.  For two months, the
father stands stiff, without food, blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing
the egg on his feet.  After the little penguin is hatched, the mother
sees fit to come home.
		-- L.M. Boyd, "Austin American-Statesman"
We are all worms.  But I do believe I am a glowworm.
		-- Winston Churchill
He's just a politician trying to save both his faces...
The salary of the chief executive of the large corporation is not a market
award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal
gesture by the individual to himself.
		-- John Kenneth Galbraith, "Annals of an Abiding Liberal"
Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.
Seeing is believing.  You wouldn't have seen it if you hadn't believed it.
Yevtushenko has... an ego that can crack crystal at a distance of twenty feet.
		-- John Cheever
Cynic, n.:
	A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not
	as they ought to be.  Hence the custom among the Scythians of plucking
	out a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Sushido, n.:
	The way of the tuna.
MIT:
	The Georgia Tech of the North
The only perfect science is hind-sight.
I saw a man pursuing the Horizon,
'Round and round they sped.
I was disturbed at this,
I accosted the man,
"It is futile," I said.
"You can never--"
"You lie!" He cried,
and ran on.
		-- Stephen Crane
A word to the wise is enough.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
Q: How can I choose what groups to post in?  ...
Q: How about an example?

A: Ok.  Let's say you want to report that Gretzky has been traded from the
Oilers to the Kings.  Now right away you might think rec.sport.hockey
would be enough.  WRONG.  Many more people might be interested.  This is a
big trade!  Since it's a NEWS article, it belongs in the news.* hierarchy
as well.  If you are a news admin, or there is one on your machine, try
news.admin.  If not, use news.misc.

The Oilers are probably interested in geology, so try sci.physics.  He is
a big star, so post to sci.astro, and sci.space because they are also
interested in stars.  Next, his name is Polish sounding.  So post to
soc.culture.polish.  But that group doesn't exist, so cross-post to
news.groups suggesting it should be created.  With this many groups of
interest, your article will be quite bizarre, so post to talk.bizarre as
well.  (And post to comp.std.mumps, since they hardly get any articles
there, and a "comp" group will propagate your article further.)

You may also find it is more fun to post the article once in each group.
If you list all the newsgroups in the same article, some newsreaders will
only show the the article to the reader once!  Don't tolerate this.
-- Brad Templeton, _Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette_
Avec!
Xerox your lunch and file it under "sex offenders"!
Of all the words of witch's doom
There's none so bad as which and whom.
The man who kills both which and whom
Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
		-- Fletcher Knebel
"Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich."
		-- "Ali Baba Bunny" [1957, Chuck Jones]
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
		-- Indian proverb
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
You can take all the impact that science considerations have on funding
decisions at NASA, put them in the navel of a flea, and have room left
over for a caraway seed and Tony Calio's heart.
		-- F. Allen
Hanlon's Razor:
	Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained
	by stupidity.
I believe that professional wrestling is clean and everything else in
the world is fixed.
		-- Frank Deford, sports writer
Pudder's Law:
	Anything that begins well will end badly.
	(Note: The converse of Pudder's law is not true.)
A Los Angeles judge ruled that "a citizen may snore with immunity in
his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and
exceptional ability in that particular field."
Mac Airways:
The cashiers, flight attendants and pilots all look the same, feel the same
and act the same. When asked questions about the flight, they reply that you
don't want to know, don't need to know and would you please return to your
seat and watch the movie.
Just close your eyes, tap your heels together three times, and think to
yourself, `There's no place like home.'
		-- Glynda the Good
You'll learn something about men and women -- the way they're supposed
to be.  Caring for each other, being happy with each other, being good
to each other.  That's what we call love.  You'll like that a lot.
		-- Kirk, "The Apple", stardate 3715.6
Nezvannyi gost'--khuzhe tatarina.
	[An uninvited guest is worse than the Mongol invasion]
		-- Russian proverb
The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be broken.
Holy Dilemma!  Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder?
Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh?

	Tune in again tomorrow:
	same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
		-- James Dean
			It's grad exam time...
COMPUTER SCIENCE
	Inside your desk you'll find a listing of the DEC/VMS operating
system in IBM 1710 machine code. Show what changes are necessary to convert
this code into a UNIX Berkeley 7 operating system.  Prove that these fixes are
bug free and run correctly. You should gain at least 150% efficiency in the
new system.  (You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.)

MATHEMATICS
	If X equals PI times R^2, construct a formula showing how long
it would take a fire ant to drill a hole through a dill pickle, if the
length-girth ratio of the ant to the pickle were 98.17:1.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
Describe the Universe.  Give three examples.
Our congratulations go to a Burlington Vermont civilian employee of the
local Army National Guard base.  He recently received a substational cash
award from our government for inventing a device for optical scanning.
His device reportedly will save the government more than $6 million a year
by replacing a more expensive helicopter maintenance tool with his own,
home-made, hand-held model.

Not suprisingly, we also have a couple of money-saving ideas that we submit
to the Pentagon free of charge:

	(a) Don't kill anybody.
	(b) Don't build things that do.
	(c) And don't pay other people to kill anybody.

We expect annual savings to be in the billions.
		-- Sojourners
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
	-- John Naisbitt, Megatrends
When you jump for joy, beware that no-one moves the ground from beneath
your feet.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Unkempt Thoughts"
>One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative.

Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
-- Chuq Von Rospach, chuq@Apple.COM 
Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
		-- Leo Durocher
When in trouble or in doubt,
run in circles, scream and shout.
And in the heartbreak years that lie ahead,
Be true to yourself and the Grateful Dead.
		-- Joan Baez
Where you stand depends on where you sit.
		-- Rufus Miles, HEW
Old timer, n.:
	One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.
While walking down a crowded
City street the other day,
I heard a little urchin
To a comrade turn and say,
"Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse,
I'd be happy as a clam
If only I was de feller dat
Me mudder t'inks I am.

"She t'inks I am a wonder,		My friends, be yours a life of toil
An' she knows her little lad		Or undiluted joy,
Could never mix wit' nuttin'		You can learn a wholesome lesson
Dat was ugly, mean or bad.		From that small, untutored boy.
Oh, lot o' times I sit and t'ink	Don't aim to be an earthly saint
How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz!		With eyes fixed on a star:
If a feller was de feller		Just try to be the fellow that
Dat his mudder t'inks he is."		Your mother thinks you are.
		-- Will S. Adkin, "If I Only Was the Fellow"
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
		-- Victor Hugo
"You who hate the Jews so, why did you adopt their religion?"
-- Friedrich Nietzsche, addressing anti-semitic Christians
Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
		-- Miyamoto Musashi, 1645
Q:	What do you call a principal female opera singer whose high C
	is lower than those of other principal female opera singers?
A:	A deep C diva.
Pournelle must die!
Hartley's First Law:
	You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float
	on his back, you've got something.
Booze is the answer.  I don't remember the question.
Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.
I always have fun because I'm out of my mind!!!
"We will be better and braver if we engage and inquire than if we indulge in
the idle fancy that we already know -- or that it is of no use seeking to
know what we do not know."
-- Plato
I distrust a man who says when.  If he's got to be careful not to drink
too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
		-- Sidney Greenstreet, "The Maltese Falcon"
"Besides, I think [Slackware] sounds better than 'Microsoft,' don't you?"
(By Patrick Volkerding)
Being asked solicitously about the state of her health was becoming bothersome
to the pregnant woman at the cocktail party.  And yet another guest went over
and inquired, "Well, how are you feeling these days?"
	"Not too well," said the expectant mother.  "You know, I've missed
seven or eight periods now and it's beginning to worry me."
When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know who have gone
to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
My nose feels like a bad Ronald Reagan movie ...
Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.
Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.  It can only lead
to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters
of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with
royal-blue chickens.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
Data, n.:
	An accrual of straws on the backs of theories.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
"If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do:  Pour a little
Lavoris in the toilet."
		-- Jay Leno
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #37:

Q:  Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
A:  No.
Q:  What was he doing with the dog's ears?
A:  Picking them up in the air.
Q:  Where was the dog at this time?
A:  Attached to the ears.
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
		-- Brendan Francis
You know you're in a small town when...
	You don't use turn signals because everybody knows where you're going.
	You're born on June 13 and your family receives gifts from the local
		merchants because you're the first baby of the year.
	Everyone knows whose credit is good, and whose wife isn't.
	You speak to each dog you pass, by name... and he wags his tail.
	You dial the wrong number, and talk for 15 minutes anyway.
	You write a check on the wrong bank and it covers you anyway.
Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of
us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the
smaller prime numbers.

2:  The Odd Prime --
	It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.  QED.
3:  The True Prime --
	Lewis Carroll: "If I tell you 3 times, it's true."
31: The Arbitrary Prime --
	Determined by unanimous unvote.  We needed an arbitrary prime in
	case the prof asked for one, and so had an election.  91 received
	the most votes (well, it *looks* prime) and 3+4i the next most.
	However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
41: The Female Prime --
	The polynomial X**2 - X + 41 is
	prime for integer values from 1 to 40.
43: The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.

Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities
are derived from those primes.  So, for instance, the number 6 is "odd
but true", while the powers of 2 are all extremely odd numbers.
Whenever anyone says, "theoretically," they really mean, "not really."
		-- Dave Parnas
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn
old falsehoods.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until
people got tired of living in a place called "Vespuccia" and changed its
name to "America".
		-- Mike Harding, "The Armchair Anarchist's Almanac"
Genius, n.:
	A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with "bright."
"You can have my Unix system when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers."
-- Cal Keegan
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
He's dead, Jim.
I give you the man who -- the man who -- uh, I forgets the man who?
		-- Beauregard Bugleboy
Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.
"A University without students is like an ointment without a fly."
	-- Ed Nather, professor of astronomy at UT Austin
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid,
stable business.
		-- John Steinbeck
	[Horse racing *is* a stable business ...]
There is a good deal of solemn cant about the common interests of capital
and labour.  As matters stand, their only common interest is that of cutting
each other's throat.
		-- Brooks Atkinson, "Once Around the Sun"
Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
		-- Proverbs, 26:5
"I'm not afraid of dying, I just don't want to be there when it happens."
-- Woody Allen
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three
persons, two of them absent.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
"It runs like _x, where _x is something unsavory"
		-- Prof. Romas Aleliunas, CS 435
Good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven.
Blessed are the forgetful:  for they get the better even of their blunders.
		-- Nietzsche
I'm pretending that we're all watching PHIL SILVERS instead of RICARDO
MONTALBAN!
A good USENET motto would be:
 a. "Together, a strong community."
 b. "Computers R Us."
 c. "I'm sick of programming, I think I'll just screw around for a while on 
     company time."
-- A Sane Man
The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
		-- T. Cheatham
They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
		-- Alan Kay, commenting on Apollos
RULES OF EATING -- THE BRONX DIETER'S CREED
	(1)  Never eat on an empty stomach.
	(2)  Never leave the table hungry.
	(3)  When traveling, never leave a country hungry.
	(4)  Enjoy your food.
	(5)  Enjoy your companion's food.
	(6)  Really taste your food.  It may take several portions to
	     accomplish this, especially if subtly seasoned.
	(7)  Really feel your food.  Texture is important.  Compare,
	     for example, the texture of a turnip to that of a
	     brownie.  Which feels better against your cheeks?
	(8)  Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal.
	(9)  Don't feel you must finish everything on your plate.  You
	     can always eat it later.
	(10) Avoid any wine with a childproof cap.
	(11) Avoid blue food.
		-- Richard Smith, "The Bronx Diet"
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Into love and out again,
	Thus I went and thus I go.
Spare your voice, and hold your pen:
	Well and bitterly I know
All the songs were ever sung,
	All the words were ever said;
Could it be, when I was young,
	Someone dropped me on my head?
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Theory"
"My father?  My father left when I was quite young.  Well actually, he
 was asked to leave.  He had trouble metabolizing alcohol."
 -- George Carlin
"Probably the best operating system in the world is the [operating system]
 made for the PDP-11 by Bell Laboratories." - Ted Nelson, October 1977
Being schizophrenic is better than living alone.
Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they didn't have
much of anything to do with it.
Life is like a tin of sardines.  We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe
I couldn't remember when I had been so disappointed.  Except perhaps the
time I found out that M&Ms really DO melt in your hand.
		-- Peter Oakley
A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new
bonnet.  Coroner's verdict: "Death from excessive spunk."
		-- Sacramento Daily Union, September 13, 1860
An expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps on to the
grand fallacy.
		-- Benjamin Stolberg
Quod erat demonstrandum.
	[Thus it is proven.  For those who wondered WTF QED means.]
Windows 95 Beer: A lot of people have taste-tested it and claim it's 
wonderful. The can looks a lot like Mac Beer's can, but tastes more like 
Windows 3.1 Beer. It comes in 32-oz.  cans, but when you look inside, the 
cans only have 16 oz. of beer in them. Most people will probably keep 
drinking Windows 3.1 Beer until their friends try Windows 95 Beer and say 
they like it. The ingredients list, when you look at the small print, has 
some of the same ingredients that come in DOS beer, even though the 
manufacturer claims that this is an entirely new brew.
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Truth has always been found to promote the best interests of mankind...
- Percy Bysshe Shelley
Snow Day -- stay home.
It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough, society will
take full responsibility for you.
VICARIOUSLY experience some reason to LIVE!!
MEMORIES OF MY FAMILY MEETINGS still are a source of strength to me.  I
remember we'd all get into the car -- I forget what kind it was -- and
drive and drive.

I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there. The
smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we
played.  I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called "Dad."  We'd eat
some stuff or not and then I think we went home.

I guess some things never leave you.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
James McNeill Whistler's (painter of "Whistler's Mother")
failure in his West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to
remark in later life, "If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a
major general."
A beer delayed is a beer denied.
Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
		-- John Keats
Anger kills as surely as the other vices.
Being asked solicitously about the state of her health was becoming bothersome
to the pregnant woman at the cocktail party.  And yet another guest went over
and inquired, "Well, how are you feeling these days?"
	"Not too well," said the expectant mother.  "You know, I've missed
seven or eight periods now and it's beginning to worry me."
A CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOR FOR PATIENTS:

7. PAY YOUR MEDICAL BILLS PROMPTLY AND WILLINGLY.
	You should consider it a privilege to contribute, however modestly,
	to the well-being of physicians and other humanitarians.

8. DO NOT SUFFER FROM AILMENTS THAT YOU CANNOT AFFORD.
	It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.

9. NEVER REVEAL ANY OF THE SHORTCOMINGS THAT HAVE COME TO LIGHT IN THE COURSE
   OF TREATMENT BY YOUR DOCTOR.
	The patient-doctor relationship is a privileged one, and you have a
	sacred duty to protect him from exposure.

10. NEVER DIE WHILE IN YOUR DOCTOR'S PRESENCE OR UNDER HIS DIRECT CARE.
	This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.
So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course
of action.  Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a
friendly basis -- great Durbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth
could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could
use; mighty Durbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely-
for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible
the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to
extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
		-- Theodore Sturgeon, "The World Well Lost"
You don't have to explain something you never said.
		-- Calvin Coolidge
A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of
trouble.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
Q:	What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead
	lawyer in the road?
A:	There are skid marks in front of the dog.
"It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.  The
Greeks never said it was sweet to die for anything.  They had no vital lies."
		-- Edith Hamilton, "The Greek Way"
A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and
observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.  As
they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
	The doctor watches for a while and says: "Keep pumping, men, you may
yet save her!!"
	The mathematician does some calculations and says: "According to my
understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water
from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and
6 feet high."
	The engineer says: "I think she's sitting in a puddle."
				SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT

Title:		Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Speaker:	Don "The Lion" Knuth

				ABSTRACT
	Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying
the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.  The problem
of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas
of computer science.  It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi-
bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size
pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete.  We will show that
there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program
to a frog.  We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable
functions.
	This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
	Refreshments will be served.  Music will be played.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
"I think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my
lifetime."
- Johnny Legend
Antonym, n.:
	The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
A political man can have as his aim the realization of freedom,
but he has no means to realize it other than through violence.
		-- Jean Paul Sartre
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
Where is John Carson now that we need him?
		-- RLG
The most common form of marriage proposal: "YOU'RE WHAT!?"
The vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that high
aims are worth-while.  Vigorous societies harbor a certain extravagance of
objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of personal
gratifications.  All strong interests easily become impersonal, the love of
a good job well done.  There is a sense of harmony about such an accomplishment,
the Peace brought by something worth-while.
- Alfred North Whitehead, 1963, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
When the cup is full, carry it level.
When you're dining out and you suspect something's wrong, you're probably right.
"Life sucks, but it's better than the alternative."
-- Peter da Silva
99 blocks of crud on the disk,
99 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
100 blocks of crud on the disk!

100 blocks of crud on the disk,
100 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
101 blocks of crud on the disk! ...
I attribute my success to intelligence, guts, determination, honesty,
ambition, and having enough money to buy people with those qualities.
Look!  A ladder!  Maybe it leads to heaven, or a sandwich!
"Inquiry is fatal to certainty."
-- Will Durant
Now's the time to have some big ideas
Now's the time to make some firm decisions
We saw the Buddha in a bar down south
Talking politics and nuclear fission
We see him and he's all washed up --
Moving on into the body of a beetle
Getting ready for a long long crawl
He  ain't nothing -- he ain't nothing at all...

Death and Money make their point once more
In the shape of Philosophical assassins
Mark and Danny take the bus uptown
Deadly angels for reality and passion
Have the courage of the here and now
Don't taking nothing from the half-baked buddhas
When you think you got it paid in full
You got nothing -- you got nothing at all...
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	We know his name and he mustn't get away.
	We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
	It would take one shot -- to blow him away...
		-- Shriekback, "Gunning for the Buddah"
There's something the technicians need to learn from the artists.
If it isn't aesthetically pleasing, it's probably wrong.
"God gives burdens; also shoulders"

Jimmy Carter cited this Jewish saying in his concession speech at the
end of the 1980 election.  At least he said it was a Jewish saying; I
can't find it anywhere.  I'm sure he's telling the truth though; why
would he lie about a thing like that?
		-- Arthur Naiman, "Every Goy's Guide to Yiddish"
If you are what you eat, does that mean Euell Gibbons really was a nut?
While my BRAINPAN is being refused service in BURGER KING, Jesuit
priests are DATING CAREER DIPLOMATS!!
Baby On Board.
This planet has -- or rather had -- a problem, which was this:  most of
the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time.  Many
solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were
largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper,
which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of
paper that were unhappy.
		-- Douglas Adams
There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith
A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call
what he writes fiction.
		-- William Faulkner
A Difficulty for Every Solution.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service
Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
		-- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Has everybody got HALVAH spread all over their ANKLES?? ...  Now, it's
time to "HAVE A NAGEELA"!!
"Live or die, I'll make a million."
-- Reebus Kneebus, before his jump to the center of the earth, Firesign Theater
A book is the work of a mind, doing its work in the way that a mind deems
best.  That's dangerous.  Is the work of some mere individual mind likely to
serve the aims of collectively accepted compromises, which are known in the
schools as 'standards'?  Any mind that would audaciously put itself forth to
work all alone is surely a bad example for the students, and probably, if
not downright antisocial, at least a little off-center, self-indulgent,
elitist.  ... It's just good pedagogy, therefore, to stay away from such
stuff, and use instead, if film-strips and rap-sessions must be
supplemented, 'texts,' selected, or prepared, or adapted, by real
professionals.  Those texts are called 'reading material.'  They are the
academic equivalent of the 'listening material' that fills waiting-rooms,
and the 'eating material' that you can buy in thousands of convenient eating
resource centers along the roads.
		-- The Underground Grammarian
Davis' Law of Traffic Density:
	The density of rush-hour traffic is directly proportional to
	1.5 times the amount of extra time you allow to arrive on time.
Fun experiments:
	Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
	Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want...
	bedroom, car, etc.  As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.
It's not reality or how you perceive things that's important -- it's
what you're taking for it...
Men who cherish for women the highest respect are seldom popular with them.
		-- Joseph Addison
Are you still an ALCOHOLIC?
1: No code table for op: ++post
Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!
Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
		-- Marcus Aurelius
America!!  I saw it all!!  Vomiting!  Waving!  JERRY FALWELLING into
your void tube of UHF oblivion!!  SAFEWAY of the mind ...
"Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *can* 
you believe?!" 
-- Bullwinkle J. Moose
It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether II win or lose.
		-- Darrin Weinberg
Stamp out organized crime!!  Abolish the IRS.
Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.
Hate is like acid.  It can damage the vessel in which it is stored as well
as destroy the object on which it is poured.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
		-- Hunter S. Thompson
If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed.
		-- Thomas Wolfe
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.  I want to achieve
immortality through not dying.
		-- Woody Allen
Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime.
For a first offense, that is.
"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people
who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."
		-- Jim Joyce, owner of Jim Joyce's UNIX Bookstore
A lie in time saves nine.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
The more complex the mind, the greater the need for the simplicity of play.
		-- Kirk, "Shore Leave", stardate 3025.8
There is no TRUTH.  There is no REALITY.  There is no CONSISTENCY.
There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS.   I'm very probably wrong.
That's life.
	What's life?
A magazine.
	How much does it cost?
Two-fifty.
	I only have a dollar.
That's life.
"A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch
dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension."
		-- Mandelbrot, "The Fractal Geometry of Nature"
	"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it for a toilet.
The rides are dilapidated to the point of being lethal, and could easily
maim or kill innocent little children."
	"Oh, so you don't like it?"
	"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."
		-- The Killing Joke
Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken
him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him.  Such an excess of
stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
		-- Samuel Johnson
If you do something right once, someone will ask you to do it again.
"If you want the best things to happen in corporate life you have to find ways
to be hospitable to the unusual person.  You don't get innovation as a 
democratic process.  You almost get it as an anti-democratic process.
Certainly you get it as an anthitetical process, so you have to have an
environment where the body of people are really amenable to change and can
deal with the conflicts that arise out of change an innovation."
-- Max DePree, chairman and CEO of Herman Miller Inc.,  
   "Herman Miller's Secrets of Corporate Creativity",
   The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
Magnet, n.:
	Something acted upon by magnetism.

Magnetism, n.:
	Something acting upon a magnet.

The two definition immediately foregoing are condensed from the works of
one thousand eminent scientists, who have illuminated the subject with
a great white light, to the inexpressible advancement of human knowledge.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
The answer to the question of Life, the Universe, and Everything is...

	Four day work week,
	Two ply toilet paper!
Message from Our Sponsor on ttyTV at 13:58 ...
Neckties strangle clear thinking.
		-- Lin Yutang
>>> Internal error in fortune program:
>>>	fnum=2987  n=45  flag=1  goose_level=-232323
>>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.
Gravity:
	What you get when you eat too much and too fast.
Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
We their sons are more worthless than they:
so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Each team building another component has been using the most recent tested
version of the integrated system as a test bed for debugging its piece.  Their
work will be set back by having that test bed change under them.  Of course it
must.  But the changes need to be quantized.  Then each user has periods of
productive stability, interrupted by bursts of test-bed change.  This seems
to be much less disruptive than a constant rippling and trembling.
- Frederick Brooks Jr., "The Mythical Man Month" 
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
		-- Oscar Wilde
For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels,
each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall
was a gate.
		-- J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Return of the King"

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to system overview.]
 
Hewett's Observation:
	The rudeness of a bureaucrat is inversely proportional to his or
	her position in the governmental hierarchy and to the number of
	peers similarly engaged.
Only a fool fights in a burning house.
		-- Kank the Klingon, "Day of the Dove", stardate unknown
And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.
Has anyone realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is to
defuse project tensions?  When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a
non-cynical, or even an informative cookie?
	Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions.  This
still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or only
serves to blunt the warning signs.

	Long live the revolution!
	Have a nice day.
New York... when civilization falls apart, remember, we were way ahead of you.
- David Letterman
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
Mary Tyler Moore's SEVENTH HUSBAND is wearing my DACRON TANK TOP in a
cheap hotel in HONOLULU!
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
		-- Clarence Day
So this it it.  We're going to die.
For my son, Robert, this is proving to be the high-point of his entire life
to date.  He has had his pajamas on for two, maybe three days now.  He has
the sense of joyful independence a 5-year-old child gets when he suddenly
realizes that he could be operating an acetylene torch in the coat closet
and neither parent [because of the flu] would have the strength to object.
He has been foraging for his own food, which means his diet consists
entirely of "food" substances which are advertised only on Saturday-morning
cartoon shows; substances that are the color of jukebox lights and that, for
legal reasons, have their names spelled wrong, as in New Creemy
Chok-'n'-Cheez Lumps o' Froot ("part of this complete breakfast").
		-- Dave Barry, "Molecular Homicide"
"History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions."
-- Ted Koppel
Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
		-- D. Gries
There are no games on this system.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
		-- Napoleon I
Q:	How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	One.  He gives it to six Californians, thereby reducing the problem
	to the earlier joke.
Software entities are more complex for their size than perhaps any other human
construct because no two parts are alike.  If they are, we make the two
similar parts into a subroutine -- open or closed.  In this respect, software
systems differ profoundly from computers, buildings, or automobiles, where
repeated elements abound.
- Fred Brooks, Jr.
	An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same
time.  One was named Edith; the other named Kate.  They met, discovered they
had the same fiancee, and told him.  "Get out of our lives you rascal.  We'll
teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too."
I sent a message to another time,
But as the days unwind -- this I just can't believe,
I sent a message to another plane,
Maybe it's all a game -- but this I just can't conceive.
...
I met someone who looks at lot like you,
She does the things you do, but she is an IBM.
She's only programmed to be very nice,
But she's as cold as ice, whenever I get too near,
She tells me that she likes me very much,
But when I try to touch, she makes it all too clear.
...
I realize that it must seem so strange,
That time has rearranged, but time has the final word,
She knows I think of you, she reads my mind,
She tries to be unkind, she knows nothing of our world.
		-- ELO, "Yours Truly, 2095"
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
		-- Art Hoppe
I came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys...and 
the building started up.  So I took it out for a drive.  A cop pulled me over 
for speeding.  He asked me where I live... "Right here".
-- Steven Wright
We don't understand the software, and sometimes we don't understand the
hardware, but we can *___see* the blinking lights!
"Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile."
		-- Karl Lehenbauer
It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing,
but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
		-- Robert Benchley
Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!!
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
		-- Gloria Steinem
First Rule of History:
	History doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each other.
Multics is security spelled sideways.
The first 90% of a project takes 90% of the time, the last 10% takes the
other 90% of the time.
I never vote for anyone.  I always vote against.
		-- W.C. Fields
Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went
on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.
A man can have two, maybe three love affairs while he's married.  After
that it's cheating.
		-- Yves Montand
Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but the principle of the thing,"
it's the money.
		-- Kim Hubbard
Humor in the Court:
Q: (Showing man picture.) That's you?
A: Yes, sir.
Q: And you were present when the picture was taken, right?
Leave bigotry in your quarters; there's no room for it on the bridge.
		-- Kirk, "Balance of Terror", stardate 1709.2
It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
		-- Alexander Korda
	The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.  The Gray
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.  Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of
him are dead, he is alive.
	"Now about Lankhmar.  She's been invaded, her walls breached
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and
equipped with all modern weapons.  Yet you can save the city."
	"How?" demanded Fafhrd.
	Ningauble shrugged.  "You're a hero.  You should know."
		-- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"
Miksch's Law:
	If a string has one end, then it has another end.
There's nothing worse for your business than extra Santa Clauses
smoking in the men's room.
		-- W. Bossert
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be
unhappy.
		-- Groucho Marx
I appoint you ambassador to Fantasy Island!!!
Volley Theory:
	It is better to have lobbed and lost than never to have lobbed at all.
Auribus teneo lupum.
	[I hold a wolf by the ears.]
	[Boy, it *sounds* good.  But what does it *mean*?]
Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.
If all be true that I do think,
There be five reasons why one should drink;
Good friends, good wine, or being dry,
Or lest we should be by-and-by,
Or any other reason why.
You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
		-- Joel Chandler Harris, proverbs of Uncle Remus
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
		-- Mt.
"You are old, father William," the young man said,
	"And your hair has become very white;
And yet you incessantly stand on your head --
	Do you think, at your age, it is right?"

"In my youth," father William replied to his son,
	"I feared it might injure the brain;
But, now that I'm perfectly sure I have none,
	Why, I do it again and again."

"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,
	And have grown most uncommonly fat;
Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door --
	Pray what is the reason of that?"

"In my youth," said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
	"I kept all my limbs very supple
By the use of this ointment -- one shilling the box --
	Allow me to sell you a couple?"
QOTD:
	"You want me to put *holes* in my ears and hang things from them?
	How...  tribal."
Marvin the Nature Lover spied a grasshopper hopping along in the grass,
and in a mood for communing with nature, rare even among full-fledged
Nature Lovers, he spoke to the grasshopper, saying: "Hello, friend
grasshopper.  Did you know they've named a drink after you?"
	"Really?" replied the grasshopper, obviously pleased.  "They've
named a drink Fred?"
It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre.
		-- Sam Goldwyn
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
	The FIELD GUIDE to NORTH AMERICAN MALES

SPECIES:	Cranial Males
SUBSPECIES:	The Hacker (homo computatis)
Courtship & Mating:
	Due to extreme deprivation, HOMO COMPUTATIS maintains a near perpetual
	state of sexual readiness.  Courtship behavior alternates between
	awkward shyness and abrupt advances.  When he finally mates, he
	chooses a female engineer with an unblinking stare, a tight mouth, and
	a complete collection of Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Track:
	Trash cans full of pale green and white perforated paper and old
	copies of the Allen-Bradley catalog.
Comments:
	Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.
gurmlish, n.:
	The red warning flag at the top of a club sandwich which
	prevents the person from biting into it and puncturing the roof
	of his mouth.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
"You can have my Unix system when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers."
-- Cal Keegan
Dow's Law:
	In a hierarchical organization, the higher the level,
	the greater the confusion.
Disco oil bussing will create a throbbing naugahide pipeline running
straight to the tropics from the rug producing regions and devalue the dollar!
Can't open /usr/fortunes.  Lid stuck on cookie jar.
Reporter, n.:
	A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a
	tempest of words.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Because the wine remembers.
Biggest security gap -- an open mouth.
The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
The number of computer scientists in a room is inversely proportional
to the number of bugs in their code.
It is indeed desirable to be well descended, but the glory belongs to
our ancestors.
		-- Plutarch
You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
QOTD:
	"A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem."
Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
		-- Dom Perignon, upon discovering champagne.
Practical people would be more practical if they would take a little
more time for dreaming.
		-- J. P. McEvoy
Fifteen men on a dead man's chest,
Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
Drink and the devil had done for the rest,
Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
		-- Stevenson, "Treasure Island"
A Hollywood producer calls a friend, another producer on the phone.
	"Hello?" his friend answers.
	"Hi!" says the man.  "This is Bob, how are you doing?"
	"Oh," says the friend, "I'm doing great!  I just sold a screenplay
for two hundred thousand dollars.  I've started a novel adaptation and the
studio advanced me fifty thousand dollars on it.  I also have a television
series coming on next week, and everyone says it's going to be a big hit!
I'm doing *great*!  How are you?"
	"Okay," says the producer, "give me a call when he leaves."
I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must be just a few
simple heuristics you have to remember...

Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.
You could get a new lease on life -- if only you didn't need the first
and last month in advance.
Alliance:  In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their
hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately
plunder a third.
-- Ambrose Bierce
It has long been noticed that juries are pitiless for robbery and full of
indulgence for infanticide.  A question of interest, my dear Sir!  The jury
is afraid of being robbed and has passed the age when it could be a victim
of infanticide.
		-- Edmond About
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft ... and the
only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
		-- Wernher von Braun
When the government bureau's remedies don't match your problem, you modify
the problem, not the remedy.
Pause for storage relocation.
Lo!  Men have become the tool of their tools.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
How untasteful can you get?
The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they seem to believe that
for a group of people to behave in a way detrimental to the common good
requires intent.
When Marriage is Outlawed, Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.
Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson
If I could read your mind, love,
What a tale your thoughts could tell,
Just like a paperback novel,
The kind the drugstore sells,
When you reach the part where the heartaches come,
The hero would be me,
Heroes often fail,
You won't read that book again, because
	the ending is just too hard to take.

I walk away, like a movie star,
Who gets burned in a three way script,
Enter number two,
A movie queen to play the scene
Of bringing all the good things out in me,
But for now, love, let's be real
I never thought I could act this way,
And I've got to say that I just don't get it,
I don't know where we went wrong but the feeling is gone
And I just can't get it back...
		-- Gordon Lightfoot, "If You Could Read My Mind"
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
To get something clean, one has to get something dirty.
To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.
The early worm gets the bird.
It is a well known fact that warriors and wizards do not get along, because
one side considers the other side to be a collection of bloodthirsty idiots
who can't walk and think at the same time, while the other side is naturally
suspicious of a body of men who mumble a lot and wear long dresses.  Oh, say
the wizards, if we're going to be like that, then, what about all those
studded collars and oiled muscles down at the Young Men's Pagan Association?
To which the heroes reply, that's a pretty good allegation from a bunch of
wimpsoes who won't go near a woman on account, can you believe it, of their
mystical power being sort of drained out.  Right, say the wizards, that just
about does it, you and your leather posing pouches.  Oh yeah, say the the
heroes, why don't you ...
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.
Miller's Slogan:
	Lose a few, lose a few.
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
		-- Seymour Papert
Though I respect that a lot
I'd be fired if that were my job
After killing Jason off and
Countless screaming argonauts

Bluebird of friendliness
Like guardian angels it's
Always near

Blue canary in the outlet by the light switch
Who watches over you
Make a little birdhouse in your soul
Not to put too fine a point on it
Say I'm the only bee in your bonnet
Make a little birdhouse in your soul
		-- "Birdhouse in your Soul", They Might Be Giants
	"What shall we do?" said Twoflower.
	"Panic?" said Rincewind hopefully.  He always held that panic was
the best means of survival; back in the olden days, his theory went, people
faced with hungry sabretoothed tigers could be divided very simply into
those who panicked and those who stood there saying "What a magnificent
brute!" and "Here, pussy."
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
Gordon's Law:
	If you think you have the solution, the question was poorly phrased.
Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
		-- Paul Simon
Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask "Why?".
Mathematics is the only science where one never knows what 
one is talking about nor whether what is said is true.
		-- Russell
The justifications for drug testing are part of the presently fashionable
debate concerning restoring America's "competitiveness." Drugs, it has been
revealed, are responsible for rampant absenteeism, reduced output, and poor
quality work.  But is drug testing in fact rationally related to the
resurrection of competitiveness?  Will charging the atmosphere of the
workplace with the fear of excretory betrayal honestly spur productivity?
Much noise has been made about rehabilitating the worker using drugs, but
to date the vast majority of programs end with the simple firing or the not
hiring of the abuser.  This practice may exacerbate, not alleviate, the
nation's productivity problem.  If economic rehabilitation is the ultimate
goal of drug testing, then criteria abandoning the rehabilitation of the
drug-using worker is the purest of hypocrisy and the worst of rationalization.
		-- The concluding paragraph of "Constitutional Law: The
		   Fourth Amendment and Drug Testing in the Workplace,"
		   Tim Moore, Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy, vol.
		   10, No. 3 (Summer 1987), pp. 762-768.
Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Too clever is dumb.
		-- Ogden Nash
Be independent.  Insult a rich relative today.
Remember thee
Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat
In this distracted globe.  Remember thee!
Yea, from the table of my memory
I'll wipe away all trivial fond records,
All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past,
That youth and observation copied there.
Hamlet, I : v : 95   William Shakespeare
All is well that ends well.
		-- John Heywood
Save the whales.  Collect the whole set.
Gerrold's Laws of Infernal Dynamics:
	(1) An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
	(2) An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
	(3) The energy required to change either one of these states
	   will always be more than you wish to expend, but never so
	   much as to make the task totally impossible.
Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are busy about
can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
		-- Lao Tsu
We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the
Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun.
Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an
utterly insignificant little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life
forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches
are a pretty neat idea ...
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Androphobia:
	Fear of men.
It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.
A triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene triangle.
Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to
change his bed.
		-- Charles Baudelaire
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
		-- Aesop
There is always something new out of Africa.
		-- Gaius Plinius Secundus
"You who hate the Jews so, why did you adopt their religion?"
-- Friedrich Nietzsche, addressing anti-semitic Christians
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the
system.  From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine
some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very
sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
		-- Dr. Richard LeBlanc, associate professor of ICS, in
		   Georgia Tech's campus newspaper after the Internet worm.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
		-- Walt Disney
There are no great men, buster.  There are only men.
		-- Elaine Stewart, "The Bad and the Beautiful"
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
Travel important today;  Internal Revenue men arrive tomorrow.
My Aunt MAUREEN was a military advisor to IKE & TINA TURNER!!
			HOW TO PROVE IT, PART 4

proof by personal communication:
	'Eight-dimensional colored cycle stripping is NP-complete 
	[Karp, personal communication].' 

proof by reduction to the wrong problem:
	'To see that infinite-dimensional colored cycle stripping is 
	decidable, we reduce it to the halting problem.' 

proof by reference to inaccessible literature:
	The author cites a simple corollary of a theorem to be found 
	in a privately circulated memoir of the Slovenian 
	Philological Society, 1883.

proof by importance:
	A large body of useful consequences all follow from the 
	proposition in question.
Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two
complementary directions:  to reduce the number of software errors through
rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining
errors by providing for recovery from them.  An interesting footnote to this
design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the
result of two program errors:  the first, in the program that started the
problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the
system.
		-- A.L. Scherr, "Functional Structure of IBM Virtual Storage
		   Operating Systems, Part II: OS/VS-2 Concepts and
		   Philosophies," IBM Systems Journal, Vol. 12, No. 4.
And you can't get any Watney's Red Barrel,
because the bars close every time you're thirsty...
Bedfellows make strange politicians.
Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.
"All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is
constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role
they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume."
-- Noam Chomsky
Real computer scientists don't write code.  They occasionally tinker with
`programming systems', but those are so high level that they hardly count 
(and rarely count accurately; precision is for applications).
"My name is Sue!  How do you do?!  Now you gonna die!"
Well, I hit him hard right between the eyes,
And he went down, but to my surprise,
Come up with a knife and cut off a piece of my ear.
So I busted a chair right across his teeth,
And we crashed through the walls and into the streets,
Kickin' and a-gougin' in the mud and the blood and beer.
Now I tell you, I've fought tougher men,
But I really can't remember when:
He kicked like a mule and he bit like a crocodile.
But I heard him laugh and then I heard him cuss,
And he went for his gun, but I pulled mine first,
And he sat there lookin' at me, and I saw him smile.
He said: "Son, this world is rough,
And if a man's gonna make it he's gotta be tough,
And I knew I wouldn't be there to help you along.
So I give you that name and I said goodbye,
And I knew you'd have to get tough or die,
And it's that name that's helped to make you strong!
		-- Johnny Cash, "A Boy Named Sue"
Your password is pitifully obvious.
Deflector shields just came on, Captain.
"The Avis WIZARD decides if you get to drive a car. Your head won't touch the
pillow of a Sheraton unless their computer says it's okay."
-- Arthur Miller
He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly
delightful.
		-- Sydney Smith
If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.
As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?
The reason they're called wisdom teeth is that the experience makes you wise.
Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
		-- Peter Behrendt, president of Exabyte
Be incomprehensible.  If they can't understand, they can't disagree.
"You don't go out and kick a mad dog.  If you have a mad dog with rabies, you
take a gun and shoot him."
-- Pat Robertson, TV Evangelist, about Muammar Kadhafy
"Are [Linux users] lemmings collectively jumping off of the cliff of
reliable, well-engineered commercial software?"
(By Matt Welsh)
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to
point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very
fast.  People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are
often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people
from point B are so keen to get there and what's so great about point B
that so many people from point A are so keen to get _____there.  They often
wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell
they wanted to be.
		-- Douglas Adams, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
When I drink, *everybody* drinks!" a man shouted to the assembled bar patrons.
A loud general cheer went up.  After downing his whiskey, he hopped onto a
barstool and shouted "When I take another drink, *everybody* takes another
drink!"  The announcement produced another cheer and another round of drinks.
	As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back
onto the stool.  "And when I pay," he bellowed, slapping five dollars onto
the bar, "*everybody* pays!"
Keep on keepin' on.
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
Like the ski resort of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking
for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem.
		-- Alan McKay
	"Yo, Mike!"
	"Yeah, Gabe?"
	"We got a problem down on Earth.  In Utah."
	"I thought you fixed that last century!"
	"No, no, not that.  Someone's found a security problem in the physics
program.  They're getting energy out of nowhere."
	"Blessit!  Lemme look...  <tappity clickity tappity>  Hey, it's
there all right!  OK, just a sec...  <tappity clickity tap... save... compile>
There, that ought to patch it.  Dist it out, wouldja?"
		-- Cold Fusion, 1989
IF I HAD A MINE SHAFT, I don't think I would just abandon it.  There's
got to be a better way.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
A general leading the State Department resembles a dragon commanding ducks.
		-- New York Times, Jan. 20, 1981
transfer, n.:
	A promotion you receive on the condition that you leave town.
Please stand for the National Anthem:

	God save our Gracious Queen!
	Long live our Noble Queen!
	God save the Queen!
	Send her victorious,
	Happy and glorious,
	Long to reign o'er us!
	God save the Queen!

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.
Toes, knees, NIPPLES.  Toes, knees, nipples, KNUCKLES ...
Nipples, dimples, knuckles, NICKLES, wrinkles, pimples!!
In Columbia, Pennsylvania, it is against the law for a pilot to tickle
a female flying student under her chin with a feather duster in order
to get her attention.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
		-- Shakespeare, "King Lear"
Man will never fly.  Space travel is merely a dream.  All aspirin is alike.
If God wanted us to have a President, He would have sent us a candidate.
		-- Jerry Dreshfield
Dare to be naive.
		-- R. Buckminster Fuller
What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
Q:	What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
A:	Trustworthy.
She been married so many times she got rice marks all over her face.
		-- Tom Waits
The notion that science does not concern itself with first causes -- that it
leaves the field to theology or metaphysics, and confines itself to mere 
effects -- this notion has no support in the plain facts.  If it could,
science would explain the origin of life on earth at once--and there is 
every reason to believe that it will do so on some not too remote tomorrow.
To argue that gaps in knowledge which will confront the seeker must be filled,
not by patient inquiry, but by intuition or revelation, is simply to give
ignorance a gratuitous and preposterous dignity....
- H. L. Mencken, 1930
All of us should treasure his Oriental wisdom and his preaching of a
Zen-like detachment, as exemplified by his constant reminder to clerks,
tellers, or others who grew excited by his presence in their banks:
"Just lie down on the floor and keep calm."
		-- Robert Wilson, "John Dillinger Died for You"
Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.
I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves
for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.  To be a man
is to suffer for others.
		-- Cesar Chavez
	People of all sorts of genders are reporting great difficulty,
these days, in selecting the proper words to refer to those of the female
persuasion.
	"Lady," "woman," and "girl" are all perfectly good words, but
misapplying them can earn one anything from the charge of vulgarity to a good
swift smack.  We are messing here with matters of deference, condescension,
respect, bigotry, and two vague concepts, age and rank.  It is troubling
enough to get straight who is really what.  Those who deliberately misuse
the terms in a misbegotten attempt at flattery are asking for it.
	A woman is any grown-up female person.  A girl is the un-grown-up
version.  If you call a wee thing with chubby cheeks and pink hair ribbons a
"woman," you will probably not get into trouble, and if you do, you will be
able to handle it because she will be under three feet tall.  However, if you
call a grown-up by a child's name for the sake of implying that she has a
youthful body, you are also implying that she has a brain to match.
Don't get mad, get interest.
I have lots of things in my pockets;
None of them is worth anything.
Sociopolitical whines aside,
Gan you give me, gratis, free,
The price of half a gallon
Of Gallo extra bad
And most of the bus fare home.
Yow!  Now we can become alcoholics!
Green light in A.M. for new projects.  Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
If Love Were Oil, I'd Be About A Quart Low
		-- Book title by Lewis Grizzard
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't
recognize them.
Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
		-- Motto of the Federal Civil Service
We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
		-- Sir Francis Bacon
	"But I don't want to go on the cart..."
	"Oh, don't be such a baby!"
	"But I'm feeling much better..."
	"No you're not... in a moment you'll be stone dead!"
		-- Monty Python, "The Holy Grail"
Change is the essential process of all existence.
		-- Spock, "Let That Be Your Last Battlefield", stardate 5730.2
No matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up.
 "I've finally learned what `upward compatible' means.	It means we
  get to keep all our old mistakes."
 -- Dennie van Tassel
Tell me, O Octopus, I begs,
Is those things arms, or is they legs?
I marvel at thee, Octopus;
If I were thou, I'd call me us.
		-- Ogden Nash
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
		-- Grace Murray Hopper
A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
		-- William S. Burroughs
You are as I am with You.
Save energy: be apathetic.
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
		-- Weisert
Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a
percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler
	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?"
	"The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --"
	"My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.
	"I was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
		-- A. Conan Doyle, "The Valley of Fear"
FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #23
	Don't cut off a police car when making an illegal U-turn.
Last yeer I kudn't spel Engineer.  Now I are won.
Dorothy:	But how can you talk without a brain?
Scarecrow:	Well, I don't know... but some people without brains
		do an awful lot of talking.
		-- The Wizard of Oz
No good deed goes unpunished.
		-- Clare Booth Luce
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
	During a fight, a husband threw a bowl of Jello at his wife.  She had
him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
	In another fight, the wife decked him with a heavy glass pitcher.
She's a women who conks to stupor.
QOTD:
	"Our parents were never our age."
Fortune's Real-Life Courtroom Quote #41:

Q:  Now, Mrs. Johnson, how was your first marriage terminated?
A:  By death.
Q:  And by whose death was it terminated?
Finagle's First Law:
	To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start.

Finagle's Second Law:
	Always keep a record of data -- it indicates you've been working.

Finagle's Fourth Law:
	Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes
	it worse.

Finagle's Fifth Law:
	Always draw your curves, then plot your readings.

Finagle's Sixth Law:
	Don't believe in miracles -- rely on them.
Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.
Harrison's Postulate:
	For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
There was, it appeared, a mysterious rite of initiation through which,
in one way or another, almost every member of the team passed.  The term
that the old hands used for this rite -- West invented the term, not the
practice -- was `signing up.'  By signing up for the project you agreed
to do whatever was necessary for success.  You agreed to forsake, if
necessary, family, hobbies, and friends -- if you had any of these left
(and you might not, if you had signed up too many times before).
		-- Tracy Kidder, "The Soul of a New Machine"
"I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the
statues that are in all the other museums."
		-- Steven Wright
I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's accomplishments.
The front page has nothing but man's failures.
		-- Chief Justice Earl Warren
Hey! now!  Come hoy now!  Whither do you wander?
Up, down, near or far, here, there or yonder?
Sharp-ears, Wise-nose, Swish-tail and Bumpkin,
White-socks my little lad, and old Fatty Lumpkin!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Are you a turtle?
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody
appreciates how difficult it was.
An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
		-- Don Marquis
AMAZING BUT TRUE ...
	There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it
	would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
Suaviter in modo, fortiter in re.
Se non e vero, e ben trovato.
A Thaum is the basic unit of magical strength.  It has been universally
established as the amount of magic needed to create one small white pigeon
or three normal sized billiard balls.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
The average woman must inevitably view her actual husband with a certain
disdain; he is anything but her ideal.  In consequence, she cannot help
feeling that her children are cruelly handicapped by the fact that he is
their father.
		-- H.L. Mencken
Hand, n.:
	A singular instrument worn at the end of a human arm and
	commonly thrust into somebody's pocket.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
My mother is a fish.
- William Faulkner
An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.
On the subject of C program indentation:
"In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented
 six feet downward and covered with dirt."
-- Blair P. Houghton
Famous last words:
Words have a longer life than deeds.
		-- Pindar
By the time you swear you're his,
shivering and sighing
and he vows his passion is
infinite, undying --
Lady, make a note of this:
One of you is lying.
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Unfortunate Coincidence"
Satire is what closes Saturday night.
		-- George Kaufman
It is very difficult to prophesy, especially when it pertains to the future.
toilet toup'ee, n.:
	Any shag carpet that causes the lid to become top-heavy, thus
	creating endless annoyance to male users.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
pension:
	A federally insured chain letter.
Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
		-- Rex Reed
Vegeterians beware!  You are what you eat.
We are stronger than our skin of flesh and metal, for we carry and share a
spectrum of suns and lands that lends us legends as we craft our immortality
and interweave our destinies of water and air, leaving shadows that gather
color of their own, until they outshine the substance that cast them.
I'm into SOFTWARE!
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
		-- Samuel Goldwyn
Politics makes strange bedfellows, and journalism makes strange politics.
		-- Amy Gorin
"Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context."
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially
if they are dead.
Perfection is reached, not when there is no longer anything to add, but
when there is no longer anything to take away.
		-- Antoine de Saint-Exupery
New York is real.  The rest is done with mirrors.
On ability:
	A dwarf is small, even if he stands on a mountain top;
	a colossus keeps his height, even if he stands in a well.
		-- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, 4BC - 65AD
The church is near but the road is icy; the bar is far away but I will
walk carefully.
		-- Russian Proverb
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
	-- John Naisbitt, Megatrends
MMM-MM!!  So THIS is BIO-NEBULATION! 
I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
		-- Peter Frampton
The prettiest women are almost always the most boring, and that is why
some people feel there is no God.
		-- Woody Allen, "Without Feathers"
Everyone has a purpose in life.  Perhaps yours is watching television.
- David Letterman
Today is the last day of your life so far.
... The book is worth attention for only two reasons:  (1) it attacks
attempts to expose sham paranormal studies; and (2) it is very well and
plausibly written and so rather harder to dismiss or refute by simple
jeering.
- Harry Eagar, reviewing "Beyond the Quantum" by Michael Talbot,
   The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. XII No. 2, ppg. 200-201
===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

A new system, the CIRCULATORY system, has been added.

The long-experimental CIRCULATORY system has been released to users.  The
Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.  When the 
switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the
back of VMI monitors.  Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging
performance.
And the crowd was stilled.  One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence,
turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said.  Wide-eyed,
the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no
clothes!  He is naked!"
		-- "The Emperor's New Clothes"
If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.  If you are real
good, you will get out of it.
Certainly the game is rigged.

Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win.
		-- Robert Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"
Proof techniques #1: Proof by Induction.

This technique is used on equations with "_n" in them.  Induction
techniques are very popular, even the military used them.

SAMPLE: Proof of induction without proof of induction.

	We know it's true for _n equal to 1.  Now assume that it's true
for every natural number less than _n.  _N is arbitrary, so we can take _n
as large as we want.  If _n is sufficiently large, the case of _n+1 is
trivially equivalent, so the only important _n are _n less than _n.  We
can take _n = _n (from above), so it's true for _n+1 because it's just
about _n.
	QED.	(QED translates from the Latin as "So what?")
	"But I don't want to go on the cart..."
	"Oh, don't be such a baby!"
	"But I'm feeling much better..."
	"No you're not... in a moment you'll be stone dead!"
		-- Monty Python, "The Holy Grail"
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
"Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *___can*
you believe?!"
		-- Bullwinkle J. Moose [Jay Ward]
Kilroe hic erat!
If you want to see card tricks, you have to expect to take cards.
		-- Harry Blackstone
He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
		-- Jonathon Swift
Weekends were made for programming.
- Karl Lehenbauer
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.
There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have
no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms.  If they recalled
every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become
insupportable.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut
Actually, the probability is 100% that the elevator will be going in the
right direction.  Proof by induction:

N=1.	Trivially true, since both you and the elevator only have one
	floor to go to.

Assume true for N, prove for N+1:
	If you are on any of the first N floors, then it is true by the
	induction hypothesis.  If you are on the N+1st floor, then both you
	and the elevator have only one choice, namely down.  Therefore,
	it is true for all N+1 floors.
QED.
Have you ever noticed that the people who are always trying to tell you
`there's a time for work and a time for play' never find the time for play?
I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.
Louie Louie, me gotta go
Louie Louie, me gotta go

Fine little girl she waits for me
Me catch the ship for cross the sea
Me sail the ship all alone		Three nights and days me sail the sea
Me never thinks me make it home		Me think of girl constantly
(chorus)				On the ship I dream she there
					I smell the rose in her hair
Me see Jamaica moon above		(chorus, guitar solo)
It won't be long, me see my love
I take her in my arms and then
Me tell her I never leave again
		-- The real words to The Kingsmen's classic "Louie Louie"
The man who understands one woman is qualified to understand pretty well
everything.
		-- Yeats
This is the first numerical problem I ever did.  It demonstrates the
power of computers:

Enter lots of data on calorie & nutritive content of foods.  Instruct
the thing to maximize a function describing nutritive content, with a
minimum level of each component, for fixed caloric content.  The
results are that one should eat each day:

	1/2 chicken
	1 egg
	1 glass of skim milk
	27 heads of lettuce.
		-- Rev. Adrian Melott
	A manager went to the master programmer and showed him the requirements
document for a new application.  The manager asked the master: "How long will
it take to design this system if I assign five programmers to it?"
	"It will take one year," said the master promptly.
	"But we need this system immediately or even sooner!  How long will it
take it I assign ten programmers to it?"
	The master programmer frowned.  "In that case, it will take two years."
	"And what if I assign a hundred programmers to it?"
	The master programmer shrugged.  "Then the design will never be
completed," he said.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
I don't understand the HUMOUR of the THREE STOOGES!!
Electrocution, n.:
	Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.
I went to a Grateful Dead Concert and they played for SEVEN hours.  Great song.
		-- Fred Reuss
egrep patterns are full regular expressions; it uses a fast deterministic
algorithm that sometimes needs exponential space.
-- unix manuals
"Problem solving under linux has never been the circus that it is under
AIX."
(By Pete Ehlke in comp.unix.aix)
A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
		-- Stanislaw Lem
New York's got the ways and means;
Just won't let you be.
		-- The Grateful Dead
Young men want to be faithful and are not; old men want to be faithless and
cannot.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Statistics are no substitute for judgement.
		-- Henry Clay
It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.  This
is untrue.  Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the
last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give
enough.
		-- Quentin Crisp, "How to Become a Virgin"
A man's best friend is his dogma.
Your picture of the world often changes just before you get it into focus.
linux: the choice of a GNU generation
(ksh@cis.ufl.edu put this on Tshirts in '93)
It takes less time to do a thing right than it does to explain why you
did it wrong.
		-- H.W. Longfellow
When you speak to others for their own good it's advice;
when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it
every six months.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.
Drop that pickle!
Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
		-- Kin Hubbard
This sentence contradicts itself -- no actually it doesn't.
		-- Douglas Hofstadter
Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man I want my children
to spend their weekends with?
		-- Rita Rudner
If you want divine justice, die.
		-- Nick Seldon
f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
U:	There's a U -- a Unicorn!
	Run right up and rub its horn.
	Look at all those points you're losing!
	UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
		-- The Roguelet's ABC
If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.
Newton's Law of Gravitation:
	What goes up must come down.  But don't expect it to come down where
	you can find it.  Murphy's Law applies to Newton's.
George Orwell 1984.  Northwestern 0.
		-- Chicago Reader 10/15/82
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
First study the enemy.  Seek weakness.
		-- Romulan Commander, "Balance of Terror", stardate 1709.2
To be is to program.
squatcho, n.:
	The button at the top of a baseball cap.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Age, n.:
	That period of life in which we compound for the vices that we
	still cherish by reviling those that we no longer have the enterprise
	to commit.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
A grammarian's life is always in tense.
	Before he became a hermit, Zarathud was a young Priest, and
	took great delight in making fools of his opponents in front of
his followers.
	One day Zarathud took his students to a pleasant pasture and
there he confronted The Sacred Chao while She was contentedly grazing.
	"Tell me, you dumb beast," demanded the Priest in his
commanding voice, "why don't you do something worthwhile?  What is your
Purpose in Life, anyway?"
	Munching the tasty grass, The Sacred Chao replied "MU".  (The
Chinese ideogram for NO-THING.)
	Upon hearing this, absolutely nobody was enlightened.
	Primarily because nobody understood Chinese.
		-- Camden Benares, "Zen Without Zen Masters"
Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were
driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out.  They screamed down the
mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by
luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged
rocks.  They all got out of the car:
        The computer engineer said, "I think I can fix it."
        The systems analyst said, "No, no, I think we should take it
into town and have a specialist look at it."
        The programmer said, "OK, but first I think we should get back
in and see if it does it again."
You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
		-- Philip Whalen
The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars.
Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.
Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government,
to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
		-- Laurie Anderson
FORTH IF HONK THEN
Moe:	Wanna play poker tonight?
Joe:	I can't. It's the kids' night out.
Moe:	So?
Joe:	I gotta stay home with the nurse.
The key to building a superstar is to keep their mouth shut.  To reveal
an artist to the people can be to destroy him.  It isn't to anyone's
advantage to see the truth.
		-- Bob Ezrin, rock music producer
Q:  What's the difference between a car salesman and a computer
    salesman?

A:  The car salesman can probably drive!

-- Joan McGalliard (jem@latcs1.oz.au)
The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
		-- Marcus Tullius Cicero
If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
		-- Tom Wicker
VMS version 2.0 ==>
The Second Law of Thermodynamics:
	If you think things are in a mess now, just wait!
		-- Jim Warner
Il brilgue: les t^oves libricilleux
	Se gyrent et frillant dans le guave,
Enm^im'es sont les gougebosquex,
	Et le m^omerade horgrave.

Es brilig war.  Die schlichte Toven
	Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben;
Und aller-mumsige Burggoven
	Dir mohmen Rath ausgraben.
		-- Lewis Carrol, "Through the Looking Glass"
As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs;
a process that traditionally requires some debugging.
		-- USA Today, referring to the Internal Revenue Service
		   conversion to a new computer system.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
		-- Charlie Brown
A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"
Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?  That's like drinking alcohol for
instant motor skills.
		-- Marc Price
Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?
"Just think, with VLSI we can have 100 ENIACS on a chip!"
-- Alan Perlis
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.
I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.
"The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones."
 -- Nathaniel Howe
Live never to be ashamed if anything you do or say is
published around the world -- even if what is published is not true.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
"It ain't over until it's over."
-- Casey Stengel
Yow!  Is this sexual intercourse yet??  Is it, huh, is it??
I'm not offering myself as an example; every life evolves by its own laws.
"Pseudocode can be used to some extent to aid the maintenance
process.  However, pseudocode that is highly detailed -
approaching the level of detail of the code itself - is not of
much use as maintenance documentation.  Such detailed
documentation has to be maintained almost as much as the code,
thus doubling the maintenance burden.  Furthermore, since such
voluminous pseudocode is too distracting to be kept in the
listing itself, it must be kept in a separate folder.  The
result: Since pseudocode - unlike real code - doesn't have to be
maintained, no one will maintain it.  It will soon become out of
date and everyone will ignore it.  (Once, I did an informal
survey of 42 shops that used pseudocode.  Of those 42, 0 [zero!],
found that it had any value as maintenance documentation."
         --Meilir Page-Jones, "The Practical Guide to Structured
           Design", Yourdon Press (c) 1988
Your education begins where what is called your education is over.
***** Special AI Seminar (abstract)

It has been widely recognized that AI programs require expert knowledge 
in order to perform well in complex domains.  But knowledge alone is not
sufficient for some applications; wisdom is needed as well.  Accordingly, 
we have developed a new approach to artificial intelligence which we call 
"wisdom engineering".  As a test of our ideas, we have written IMMANUEL, a 
wisdom based system for the task domain of western philosophical thought.  
IMMANUEL was supplied initially with 200 wisdom units which contained wisdom 
about such elementary concepts as mind, matter, being, nothingness, and so 
forth.  IMMANUEL was then allowed to run freely, guided by the heuristic 
rules contained in its heterarchically organized meta wisdom base.  IMMANUEL 
succeeded in rediscovering most of the important philosophical ideas developed 
in western culture over the course of the last 25 centuries, including those 
underlying Plato's theory of government, Kant's metaphysics, Nietzsche's theory
of value, and Husserl's phenomenology.  In this seminar, we will describe 
IMMANUEL's achievements and internal architecture.  We will also briefly 
discuss our recent efforts to apply wisdom engineering to oil exploration.
Who are the artists in the Computer Graphics Show?  Wavefront's latest box, or 
the people who programmed it?  Should Mandelbrot get all the credit for the 
output of programs like MandelVroom?
-- Peter da Silva
Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
		-- Arthur Balfour
It's no use crying over spilt milk -- it only makes it salty for the cat.
Mason's First Law of Synergism:
	The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and
finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us.  "He is full of
murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by
their ignorance the hard way."
		-- Kurt Vonnegut, "Cat's Cradle"
People are very flexible and learn to adjust to strange
surroundings -- they can become accustomed to read Lisp and
Fortran programs, for example.
- Leon Sterling and Ehud Shapiro, Art of Prolog, MIT Press
	"We have the right to survive!"
	"Not by killing others."
		-- Deela and Kirk, "Wink of An Eye", stardate 5710.5
Nobody shot me.
		-- Frank Gusenberg, his last words, when asked by police
		who had shot him 14 times with a machine gun in the Saint
		Valentine's Day Massacre.

Only Capone kills like that.
		-- George "Bugs" Moran, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre

The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
		-- Al Capone, on the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre
If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
		-- Freeman Dyson
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
		-- Laurence J. Peter
To be excellent when engaged in administration is to be like the North
Star.  As it remains in its one position, all the other stars surround it.
		-- Confucius
When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.
Anyone who uses the phrase "easy as taking candy from a baby" has never
tried taking candy from a baby.
		-- Robin Hood
If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from
a laboratory jar at Harvard.
		-- Frank Sinatra

AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS.
		-- Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine
In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill
I'm So Miserable Without You It's Almost Like Having You Here
		-- Song title by Stephen Bishop.

She Got the Gold Mine, I Got the Shaft
		-- Song title by Jerry Reed.

When My Love Comes Back from the Ladies' Room Will I Be Too Old to Care?
		-- Song title by Lewis Grizzard.

I Don't Know Whether to Kill Myself or Go Bowling
		-- Unattributed song title.

Drop Kick Me, Jesus, Through the Goal Posts of Life
		-- Unattributed song title.
I'll learn to play the Saxophone,
I play just what I feel.
Drink Scotch whisky all night long,
And die behind the wheel.
They got a name for the winners in the world,
I want a name when I lose.
They call Alabama the Crimson Tide,
Call me Deacon Blues.
		-- Becker and Fagan, "Deacon Blues"
I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
		-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
BE ALOOF!  (There has been a recent population explosion of lerts.)
Mike:	"The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?"
Bernie:	"Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.  People are SO inconsiderate."
		-- Gary Trudeau, "Doonesbury"
"The net result is a system that is not only binary compatible with 4.3 BSD,
but is even bug for bug compatible in almost all features."
-- Avadit Tevanian, Jr., "Architecture-Independent Virtual Memory Management
   for Parallel and Distributed Environments:  The Mach Approach"
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.  If your ideas are any good,
you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
		-- Howard Aiken
"Bite off, dirtball."
Richard Sexton, richard@gryphon.COM
	A master programmer passed a novice programmer one day.  The master
noted the novice's preoccupation with a hand-held computer game.  "Excuse me",
he said, "may I examine it?"
	The novice bolted to attention and handed the device to the master.
"I see that the device claims to have three levels of play: Easy, Medium,
and Hard", said the master.  "Yet every such device has another level of play,
where the device seeks not to conquer the human, nor to be conquered by the
human."
	"Pray, great master," implored the novice, "how does one find this
mysterious setting?"
	The master dropped the device to the ground and crushed it under foot.
And suddenly the novice was enlightened.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Q:	Why is Poland just like the United States?
A:	In the United States you can't buy anything for zlotys and in
	Poland you can't either, while in the U.S. you can get whatever
	you want for dollars, just as you can in Poland.
		-- being told in Poland, 1987
Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine.  You
need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion
picture star.  If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use
the word "collectible" as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified
success.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Social Studies"
Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere.
Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain.
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
		-- Bene Gesserit proverb, "Dune"
Torque is cheap.
Captain Penny's Law:
	You can fool all of the people some of the time, and
	some of the people all of the time, but you Can't Fool Mom.
SUN Microsystems:
	The Network IS the Load Average.
In a medium in which a News Piece takes a minute and an "In-Depth"
Piece takes two minutes, the Simple will drive out the Complex.
		-- Frank Mankiewicz
I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.
Owe no man any thing...
		-- Romans 13:8
When the leaders speak of peace
The common folk know
That war is coming
When the leaders curse war
The mobilization order is already written out.

Every day, to earn my daily bread
I go to the market where lies are bought
Hopefully
I take my place among the sellers.
		-- Bertolt Brecht, "Hollywood"
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Go away, I'm all right.
		-- H.G. Wells' last words.
Pick another fortune cookie.
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
		-- Jules Feiffer
Did you know ...

That no-one ever reads these things?
To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
"Gentlemen of the jury," said the defense attorney, now beginning
to warm to his summation, "the real question here before you is, shall this
beautiful young woman be forced to languish away her loveliest years in a 
dark prison cell?  Or shall she be set free to return to her cozy little 
apartment at 4134 Mountain Ave. -- there to spend her lonely, loveless hours
in her boudoir, lying beside her little Princess phone, 962-7873?"
Ocean:  A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man --
who has no gills.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Most legends have their basis in facts.
		-- Kirk, "And The Children Shall Lead", stardate 5029.5
Ain't nothin' an old man can do for me but bring me a message from a young man.
		-- Moms Mabley
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without
getting nervous.
The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the not very bright.
The morning sun when it's in your face really shows your age,
But that don't bother me none; in my eyes you're everything.
I know I keep you amused,
But I feel I'm being used.
Oh, Maggie, I wish I'd never seen your face.

You took me away from home,
Just to save you from being alone;
You stole my heart, and that's what really hurts.

I suppose I could collect my books and get on back to school,
Or steal my daddy's cue and make a living out of playing pool,
Or find myself a rock 'n' roll band,
That needs a helping hand,
Oh, Maggie I wish I'd never seen your face.

You made a first-class fool out of me,
But I'm as blind as a fool can be.
You stole my soul, and that's a pain I can do without.
		-- Rod Stewart, "Maggie May"
love, n.:
	When it's growing, you don't mind watering it with a few tears.
	"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years."
	"What about X?"
	"I said `intellectual'."
		;login, 9/1990
No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.
Carperpetuation (kar' pur pet u a shun), n.:
	The act, when vacuuming, of running over a string at least a
	dozen times, reaching over and picking it up, examining it, then
	putting it back down to give the vacuum one more chance.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
Q:	Do you know what the death rate around here is?
A:	One per person.
	I did some heavy research so as to be prepared for "Mommy, why is
the sky blue?"
	HE asked me about black holes in space.
	(There's a hole *where*?)

	I boned up to be ready for, "Why is the grass green?"
	HE wanted to discuss nature's food chains.
	(Well, let's see, there's ShopRite, Pathmark...)

	I talked about Choo-Choo trains.
	HE talked internal combustion engines.
	(The INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINE said, "I think I can, I think I can.")

	I was delighted with the video game craze, thinking we could compete
as equals.
	HE described the complexities of the microchips required to create
the graphics.

	Then puberty struck.  Ah, adolescence.
	HE said, "Mom, I just don't understand women."
	(Gotcha!)
		-- Betty LiBrizzi, "The Care and Feeding of a Gifted Child"
To program is to be.
The Force is what holds everything together.  It has its dark side, and
it has its light side.  It's sort of like cosmic duct tape.
Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
And he laughing said to me:
"Pipe a song about a Lamb!"
So I piped with merry cheer.
"Piper, pipe that song again;"
So I piped: he wept to hear.
		-- William Blake, "Songs of Innocence"
Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
		-- Norman Augustine
It is a human characteristic to love little animals, especially if
they're attractive in some way.
		-- McCoy, "The Trouble with Tribbles", stardate 4525.6
The only possible interpretation of any research whatever in the `social
sciences' is: some do, some don't.
		-- Ernest Rutherford
	A manager went to his programmers and told them: "As regards to your
work hours: you are going to have to come in at nine in the morning and leave
at five in the afternoon."  At this, all of them became angry and several
resigned on the spot.
	So the manager said: "All right, in that case you may set your own
working hours, as long as you finish your projects on schedule."  The
programmers, now satisfied, began to come in a noon and work to the wee
hours of the morning.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be
yours too."
		-- Dave Haynie
You may already be a loser.
		-- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield.
Ya'll hear about the geometer who went to the beach to catch some
rays and became a tangent ?
Snoopy: No problem is so big that it can't be run away from.
One Page Principle:
	A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch
	paper cannot be understood.
		-- Mark Ardis
If researchers wrote nursery rhymes...

Little Miss Muffet sat on her gluteal region,
Eating components of soured milk.
On at least one occasion,
	along came an arachnid and sat down beside her,
Or at least in her vicinity,
And caused her to feel an overwhelming, but not paralyzing, fear,
Which motivated the patient to leave the area rather quickly.
		-- Ann Melugin Williams
Wake now my merry lads!  Wake and hear me calling!
Warm now be heart and limb!  The cold stone is fallen;
Dark door is standing wide; dead hand is broken.
Night under Night is flown, and the Gate is open!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
		-- Francis Bacon
	"Life and death are seldom logical."
	"But attaining a desired goal always is."
		-- McCoy and Spock, "The Galileo Seven", stardate 2821.7
The ark lands after The Flood.  Noah lets all the animals out.  Says he, "Go
and multiply."  Several months pass.  Noah decides to check up on the animals.
All are doing fine except a pair of snakes.  "What's the problem?" says Noah.
"Cut down some trees and let us live there", say the snakes.  Noah follows
their advice.  Several more weeks pass.  Noah checks on the snakes again.
Lots of little snakes, everybody is happy.  Noah asks, "Want to tell me how
the trees helped?"  "Certainly", say the snakes. "We're adders, and we need
logs to multiply."
Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!

Try:
	ar t "God"
	drink < bottle; opener			(Bourne Shell)
	cat "food in tin cans"			(all but 4.[23]BSD)
	Hey UNIX!  Got a match?			(V6 or C shell)
	mkdir matter; cat > matter		(Bourne Shell)
	rm God
	man: Why did you get a divorce?		(C shell)
	date me					(anything up to 4.3BSD)
	make "heads or tails of all this"
	who is smart
						(C shell)
	If I had a ) for every dollar of the national debt, what would I have?
	sleep with me				(anything up to 4.3BSD)
In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending
your left leg, it's modern architecture.
		-- Nancy Banks Smith
I refuse to consign the whole male sex to the nursery.  I insist on
believing that some men are my equals.
		-- Brigid Brophy
It is often the case that the man who can't tell a lie thinks he is the best
judge of one.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equpped with 18,000 vaccuum tubes and
weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes
and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
		-- Popular Mechanics, March 1949
I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle.
I said "Hi, what's happenin'?"
He said "Nothin'."
Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm;
As if you just squashed a cop.
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "Motorcycle Song"
You can fool all the people all of the time if the advertising is right
and the budget is big enough.
		-- Joseph E. Levine
Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.
Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
		-- Roy Harper
What's the MATTER Sid? ... Is your BEVERAGE unsatisfactory?
To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Q:	What happens when four WASPs find themselves in the same room?
A:	A dinner party.
Our little systems have their day;
They have their day and cease to be;
They are but broken lights of thee.
		-- Tennyson
	Before he became a hermit, Zarathud was a young Priest, and
	took great delight in making fools of his opponents in front of
his followers.
	One day Zarathud took his students to a pleasant pasture and
there he confronted The Sacred Chao while She was contentedly grazing.
	"Tell me, you dumb beast," demanded the Priest in his
commanding voice, "why don't you do something worthwhile?  What is your
Purpose in Life, anyway?"
	Munching the tasty grass, The Sacred Chao replied "MU".  (The
Chinese ideogram for NO-THING.)
	Upon hearing this, absolutely nobody was enlightened.
	Primarily because nobody understood Chinese.
		-- Camden Benares, "Zen Without Zen Masters"
Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
I can't decide which WRONG TURN to make first!!  I wonder if BOB
GUCCIONE has these problems!
Love is not enough, but it sure helps.
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of 
interest is easy.
In the realm of scientific observation, luck is granted only to those who are
prepared.
- Louis Pasteur
Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with a valentine.
		-- Christopher Plummer
Absence makes the heart forget.
Keep your laws off my body!
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
		-- Cervantes
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a
crack in your sidewalk?
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
If only Dionysus were alive!  Where would he eat?
		-- Woody Allen
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
This is the way the world ends,
Not with a bang but with a whimper.
		-- T.S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"
There is only one way to console a widow.  But remember the risk.
		-- Robert Heinlein
Twenty Percent of Zero is Better than Nothing.
		-- Walt Kelly
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know
nothing about.
QOTD:
	"Everything I am today I owe to people, whom it is now
	to late to punish."
For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble:
and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
		-- Sir Thomas More
"Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception."
-- The mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989
[apparently, good TV reception is a basic necessity -- at least in Tucson  -kl]
To lead people, you must follow behind.
		-- Lao Tsu
People's Action Rules:
	(1) Some people who can, shouldn't.
	(2) Some people who should, won't.
	(3) Some people who shouldn't, will.
	(4) Some people who can't, will try, regardless.
	(5) Some people who shouldn't, but try, will then blame others.
Sho' they got to have it against the law.  Shoot, ever'body git high,
they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.  Hee-hee.
		-- Terry Southern
When alerted to an intrusion by tinkling glass or otherwise, 1) Calm
yourself 2) Identify the intruder 3) If hostile, kill him.

Step number 3 is of particular importance.  If you leave the guy alive
out of misguided softheartedness, he will repay your generosity of spirit
by suing you for causing his subsequent paraplegia and seek to force you
to support him for the rest of his rotten life.  In court he will plead
that he was depressed because society had failed him, and that he was
looking for Mother Teresa for comfort and to offer his services to the
poor.  In that lawsuit, you will lose.  If, on the other hand, you kill
him, the most that you can expect is that a relative will bring a wrongful
death action. You will have two advantages: first, there be only your
story; forget Mother Teresa.  Second, even if you lose, how much could
the bum's life be worth anyway?  A Lot less than 50 years worth of
paralysis.  Don't play George Bush and Saddam Hussein.  Finish the job.
	-- G. Gordon Liddy's "Forbes" column on personal security
You are not dead yet.  But watch for further reports.
I think we're in trouble.
		-- Han Solo
I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern.  I realize that the
whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional
congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile so we
can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the plumber.

But from time to time, I feel I must address major public issues such as
this, because in a free and open society, where the very future of the world
hinges on decisions made by our elected leaders, you never win large cash
journalism awards if you stick to the topics I usually write about, such as
nose-picking.
		-- Dave Barry, "At Last, the Ultimate Deterrent Against
		   Political Fallout"
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what
he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the
number of participants.
		-- Adam Walinsky
"In the fight between you and the world, back the world."
 --Frank Zappa
Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
You will be married within a year.
Nothing motivates a man more than to see his boss put in an honest day's work.
I'm very good at integral and differential calculus,
I know the scientific names of beings animalculous;
In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral,
I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
		-- Gilbert & Sullivan, "Pirates of Penzance"
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
		-- Kronecker
... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from
other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in
charity we can only call "inhuman."
		-- R. A. Lafferty
The justifications for drug testing are part of the presently fashionable
debate concerning restoring America's "competitiveness." Drugs, it has been
revealed, are responsible for rampant absenteeism, reduced output, and poor
quality work.  But is drug testing in fact rationally related to the
resurrection of competitiveness?  Will charging the atmosphere of the
workplace with the fear of excretory betrayal honestly spur productivity?
Much noise has been made about rehabilitating the worker using drugs, but
to date the vast majority of programs end with the simple firing or the not
hiring of the abuser.  This practice may exacerbate, not alleviate, the
nation's productivity problem.  If economic rehabilitation is the ultimate
goal of drug testing, then criteria abandoning the rehabilitation of the
drug-using worker is the purest of hypocrisy and the worst of rationalization.
		-- The concluding paragraph of "Constitutional Law: The
		   Fourth Amendment and Drug Testing in the Workplace,"
		   Tim Moore, Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy, vol.
		   10, No. 3 (Summer 1987), pp. 762-768.
You can learn many things from children.  How much patience you have,
for instance.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
we will invent new lullabies, new songs, new acts of love,
we will cry over things we used to laugh &
our new wisdom will bring tears to eyes of gentle
creatures from other planets who were afraid of us till then &
in the end a summer with wild winds &
new friends will be.
"It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan
 which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons,
 insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather
than be the instrument of his army's downfall."
-- Napoleon, "Military Maxims and Thought"
Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer.  It has
a 150 MHz processor, 200 megabytes of RAM, 1500 megabytes of disk
storage, a screen resolution of 4096 x 4096 pixels, relies entirely on
voice recognition for input, fits in your shirt pocket and costs $300.
What's the first question that the computer community asks?

"Is it PC compatible?"
Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.
Good evening, gentlemen.  I am a HAL 9000 computer.  I became operational
at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred
ninety-five.  My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a
song.  If you would like, I could sing it for you.
"Turn on, tune up, rock out."
-- Billy Gibbons
	"Surely you can't be serious."
	"I am serious, and stop calling me Shirley."
		-- "Airplane"
Pardon me, but do you know what it means to be TRULY ONE with your BOOTH!
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
		-- Sam Brown, "The Washington Post", January 26, 1977
Fascinating is a word I use for the unexpected.
		-- Spock, "The Squire of Gothos", stardate 2124.5
What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
		-- John Lubbock
I can't drive 55.
I'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either.
"The NY Times is read by the people who run the country.  The Washington Post
is read by the people who think they run the country.   The National Enquirer
is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country..."
-- Robert J Woodhead (trebor@biar.UUCP)
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
		-- Harrison
The farther you go, the less you know.
		-- Lao Tsu, "Tao Te Ching"
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be
always old-fashioned.
On the night before her family moved from Kansas to California, the little
girl knelt by her bed to say her prayers.  "God bless Mommy and Daddy and
Keith and Kim," she said.  As she began to get up, she quickly added, "Oh,
and God, this is goodbye.  We're moving to Hollywood."
Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.
		-- Tom Robbins
If a man stay away from his wife for seven years, the law presumes the
separation to have killed him; yet according to our daily experience,
it might well prolong his life.
		-- Charles Darling, "Scintillae Juris, 1877
... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been
found and thy program runneth.  And he that was dead came forth...
		-- John 11:43-44 [version 2.0?]
We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here depends on a
clever but highly unmotivated trick.
		-- Howard Anton, "Elementary Linear Algebra"
I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.
		-- The Who
Humor in the Court:
Q: ...any suggestions as to what prevented this from being a murder trial 
   instead of an attempted murder trial?
A: The victim lived.
You know what they say -- the sweetest word in the English language is revenge.
		-- Peter Beard
The sight of death frightens them [Earthers].
		-- Kras the Klingon, "Friday's Child", stardate 3497.2
It is illegal to drive more than two thousand sheep down Hollywood
Boulevard at one time.
... I want to perform cranial activities with Tuesday Weld!!
Feel disillusioned?  I've got some great new illusions, right here!
The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
		-- Nicol Williamson
CF&C stole it, fair and square.
		-- Tim Hahn
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
		-- Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS
I don't do it for the money.
		-- Donald Trump, Art of the Deal
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Life is like a tin of sardines.
We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe
The Great Movie Posters:

POWERFUL! SHOCKING! RAW! ROUGH! CHALLENGING! SEE A LITTLE GIRL MOLESTED!
		-- Never Take Candy from a Stranger (1963)

She Sins in Mobile --
Marries in Houston --
Loses Her Baby in Dallas --
Leaves Her Husband in Tuscon --
MEETS HARRU IN SAN DIEGO!...
FIRST -- HARLOW!
THEN -- MONROE!
NOW -- McCLANAHAN!!!
		-- The Rotten Apple (1963), Rue McClanahan

*NOT FOR SISSIES! DON'T COME IF YOU'RE CHICKEN! 
A Horrifying Movie of Wierd Beauties and Shocking Monsters...
1001 WIERDEST SCENES EVER!!  MOST SHOCKING THRILLER OF THE CENTURY!
		-- Teenage Psycho meets Bloody Mary (1964)  (Alternate Title:
		   The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and
		   Became Mixed Up Zombies)
People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.
"If the future navigation system [for interactive networked services on
the NII] looks like something from Microsoft, it will never work."
(Chairman of Walt Disney Television & Telecommunications)
Q:	How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll fix it in software.

Q:	How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The application can work around it.

Q:	How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  We'll document it in the manual.

Q:	How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb?
A:	None.  The user can figure it out.
Say no, then negotiate.
		-- Helga
Step back, unbelievers!
Or the rain will never come.
Somebody keep the fire burning, someone come and beat the drum.
You may think I'm crazy, you may think that I'm insane,
But I swear to you, before this day is out,
	you folks are gonna see some rain!
Youth is such a wonderful thing.  What a crime to waste it on children.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay.
Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
		-- Oscar Hammerstein II
The world is coming to an end!  Repent and return those library books!
A gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on.
		-- Fred Allen
...this is an awesome sight.  The entire rebel resistance buried under six
million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
- The Firesign Theater
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
One man's folly is another man's wife.
		-- Helen Rowland
The time is right to make new friends.
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to
do and always a clever thing to say.
		-- Will Durant
We are sorry.  We cannot complete your call as dialed.  Please check
the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.

This is a recording.
This life is a test.  It is only a test.  Had this been an actual life, you
would have received further instructions as to what to do and where to go.
I'd like some JUNK FOOD ... and then I want to be ALONE --
Nothing recedes like success.
		-- Walter Winchell
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Hawkeye's Conclusion:
	It's not easy to play the clown when you've got to run the whole
	circus.
When you are young, you enjoy a sustained illusion that sooner or later
something marvelous is going to happen, that you are going to transcend
your parents' limitations...  At the same time, you feel sure that in all
the wilderness of possibility; in all the forests of opinion, there is a
vital something that can be known -- known and grasped.  That we will
eventually know it, and convert the whole mystery into a coherent
narrative.  So that then one's true life -- the point of everything --
will emerge from the mist into a pure light, into total comprehension.
But it isn't like that at all.  But if it isn't, where did the idea come
from, to torture and unsettle us?
		-- Brian Aldiss, "Helliconia Summer"
Vulcans never bluff.
		-- Spock, "The Doomsday Machine", stardate 4202.1
Oh, give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.
As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic 
schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve 
The Problem, saving the documentation for later.
What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus
Occam's eraser:
	The philosophical principle that even the simplest
	solution is bound to have something wrong with it.
It [being a Vulcan] means to adopt a philosophy, a way of life which is
logical and beneficial.  We cannot disregard that philosophy merely for
personal gain, no matter how important that gain might be.
		-- Spock, "Journey to Babel", stardate 3842.4
I'd be a poorer man if I'd never seen an eagle fly.
		-- John Denver

[I saw an eagle fly once.  Fortunately, I had my eagle fly swatter handy.  Ed.]
Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
		-- Jack Benny
Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away,
Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play,
Either light up or leave me alone.
"Today, of course, it is considered very poor taste to use the F-word
except in major motion pictures."
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"
Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
		-- Homer
Yow!  I'm having a quadrophonic sensation of two winos alone in a steel mill!
Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.
The camel has a single hump;
The dromedary two;
Or else the other way around.
I'm never sure.  Are you?
		-- Ogden Nash
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
Spence's Admonition:
	Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.
"Being against torture ought to be sort of a multipartisan thing."
-- Karl Lehenbauer, as amended by Jeff Daiell, a Libertarian
The Government just announced today the creation of the Neutron Bomb II.
Similar to the Neutron Bomb, the Neutron Bomb II not only kills people
and leaves buildings standing, but also does a little light housekeeping.
Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.
Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers.  There is, indeed, no wild beast
more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate.
If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if
brusque, your character.
		-- Jonathan Swift
Worst Vegetable of the Year:
	The brussels sprout.  This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
		-- Steve Rubenstein
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
Ducks?  What ducks??
Great American Axiom:
	Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.
I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's;
I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
		-- William Blake, "Jerusalem"
As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp
the meaning of existence.  Both make one feel like a baby clutching at
a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
		-- Joseph Brodsky
People seem to think that the blanket phrase, "I only work here," absolves
them utterly from any moral obligation in terms of the public -- but this
was precisely Eichmann's excuse for his job in the concentration camps.
I want to dress you up as TALLULAH BANKHEAD and cover you with VASELINE
and WHEAT THINS ...
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
		-- Dorothy Parker
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
"Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore would allow such a
conventional thing to happen to him."
		-- John Barrymore's dying words
"Poor man... he was like an employee to me."
-- The police commisioner on "Sledge Hammer" laments the death of his bodyguard
"Speak, thou vast and venerable head," muttered Ahab, "which, though
ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak,
mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee.  Of all divers,
thou has dived the deepest.  That head upon which the upper sun now gleams has
moved amid the world's foundations.  Where unrecorded names and navies rust,
and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate
earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful
water-land, there was thy most familiar home.  Thou hast been where bell or
diver never went; has slept by many a sailer's side, where sleepless mothers
would give their lives to lay them down.  Thou saw'st the locked lovers when
leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting
wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.  Thou saw'st the
murdered mate when tossed by pirates from the midnight deck; for hours he fell
into the deeper midnight of the insatiate maw; and his murderers still sailed
on unharmed -- while swift lightnings shivered the neighboring ship that would
have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms.  O head! thou has
seen enough to split the planets and make an infidel of Abraham, and not one
syllable is thine!"
		-- H. Melville, "Moby Dick"
When I woke up this morning, my girlfriend asked if I had slept well.
I said, "No, I made a few mistakes."
		-- Steven Wright
				SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT

Title:		Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Speaker:	Don "The Lion" Knuth

				ABSTRACT
	Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying
the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.  The problem
of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas
of computer science.  It has been shown that anything computable by an amphi-
bian community in a fixed-size pond is computable by a frog in the same-size
pond -- that is to say, frogs are Pond-space complete.  We will show that
there is a log-space, polywog-time reduction from any Turing machine program
to a frog.  We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable
functions.
	This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
	Refreshments will be served.  Music will be played.
	A musician of more ambition than talent composed an elegy at
the death of composer Edward MacDowell.  She played the elegy for the
pianist Josef Hoffman, then asked his opinion.  "Well, it's quite
nice," he replied, but don't you think it would be better if..."
	"If what?" asked the composer.
	"If ... if you had died and MacDowell had written the elegy?"
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
Miguel Cervantes wrote Donkey Hote.  Milton wrote Paradise Lost, then his
wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.
Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.
Yow!  Are you the self-frying president?
Fine's Corollary:
	Functionality breeds Contempt.
LOGO for the Dead

LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from
"The Other Side."

The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you
turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.  Then, using Logo's
graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this
side of the Great Beyond to write programs.  The software requires that
your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then
interfaced to your computer.  A special terminal (very terminal) program
lets you talk with the users through Deadnet, an EBBS (Ectoplasmic
Bulletin Board System).

LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate
from NecroSoft inc., 6502 Charnelhouse Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44101.
		-- '80 Microcomputing
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy
Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I
have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.
		-- Brent Welch
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
		-- Bertolt Brecht
Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio, replied: "You see, wire
telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.  You pull his tail in New
York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.  Do you understand this?
And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they
receive them there.  The only difference is that there is no cat."
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom for trying to change the
system from within.  I'm coming now I'm coming to reward them.  First
we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.

I'm guided by a signal in the heavens.  I'm guided by this birthmark on
my skin.  I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons.  First we take Manhattan,
then we take Berlin.

I'd really like to live beside you, baby.  I love your body and your spirit
and your clothes.  But you see that line there moving through the station?
I told you I told you I told you I was one of those.
	-- Leonard Cohen, "First We Take Manhattan"
Love is in the offing.
		-- The Homicidal Maniac
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving
wordy evidence of the fact.
		-- George Eliot
Vulcans never bluff.
		-- Spock, "The Doomsday Machine", stardate 4202.1
It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is
thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have
drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.
"All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific."
		-- Jane Wagner
A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
		-- Prof. Steiner
Let the meek inherit the earth -- they have it coming to them.
		-- James Thurber
Most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning.
mixed emotions:
	Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff...
	in your brand new Mercedes.
The games have always strengthened us.  Death becomes a familiar
pattern.  We don't fear it as you do.
		-- Proconsul Marcus Claudius, "Bread and Circuses",
		   stardate 4041.2
A is for Apple.
		-- Hester Pryne
I want to kill everyone here with a cute colorful Hydrogen Bomb!!
I am deeply CONCERNED and I want something GOOD for BREAKFAST!
Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage.
		-- Ryan
You need tender loving care once a week - so that I can slap you into shape.
- Ellyn Mustard
UNIX enhancements aren't.
All the evidence concerning the universe has not yet been collected,
so there's still hope.
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs.  The trick is to make one with none.
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.
	Now, you might ask, "How do I get one of those complete home tool
sets for under $4?" An excellent question.
	Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell
plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where they
have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of Raisinets and
malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon administration.  In either
the hardware or housewares department, you'll find an item imported from an
obscure Oriental country and described as "Nine Tools in One", consisting of
a little handle with interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental
notions of tools that Americans might use around the home.  Buy it.
	This is the kind of tool set professionals use.  Not only is it
inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the
so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off if
you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to direct
sunlight.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of
	    Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you?
Supervisee: Yes.
		-- Overheard at a supervision.
"It's the best thing since professional golfers on 'ludes."
-- Rick Obidiah
"In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the
universe."
		-- Carl Sagan, Cosmos
Quick!!  Act as if nothing has happened!
To be great is to be misunderstood.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Now I lay me down to sleep
I hear the sirens in the street
All my dreams are made of chrome
I have no way to get back home
- Tom Waits
The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.
"A dirty mind is a joy forever."
-- Randy Kunkee
The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six.  Mother took me to
see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.
		-- Shirley Temple
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
		-- Lenny Bruce
Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
... TheysaidDoyouseethebiggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehill?andIsaidYesIsee
thebiggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehillTheresabigdarkforestbetweenmeandthe
biggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehillandalittleoldladyridingonaHoovervacuum
cleanersayingIllgetyoumyprettyandyourlittledogTototoo ...

	I don't even *HAVE* a dog Toto...
The men sat sipping their tea in silence.  After a while the klutz said,
	"Life is like a bowl of sour cream."
	"Like a bowl of sour cream?" asked the other.  "Why?"
	"How should I know?  What am I, a philosopher?"
Cats are smarter than dogs.  You can't make eight cats pull a sled through
the snow.
OVER the underpass!  UNDER the overpass!  Around the FUTURE and BEYOND REPAIR!!
Marigold:		Jealousy
Mint:			Virute
Orange blossom:		Your purity equals your loveliness
Orchid:			Beauty, magnificence
Pansy:			Thoughts
Peach blossom:		I am your captive
Petunia:		Your presence soothes me
Poppy:			Sleep
Rose, any color:	Love
Rose, deep red:		Bashful shame
Rose, single, pink:	Simplicity
Rose, thornless, any:	Early attachment
Rose, white:		I am worthy of you
Rose, yellow:		Decrease of love, rise of jealousy
Rosebud, white:		Girlhood, and a heart ignorant of love
Rosemary:		Remembrance
Sunflower:		Haughtiness
Tulip, red:		Declaration of love
Tulip, yellow:		Hopeless love
Violet, blue:		Faithfulness
Violet, white:		Modesty
Zinnia:			Thoughts of absent friends
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
No house is childproofed unless the little darlings are in straitjackets.
Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are busy about
can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
		-- Lao Tsu
The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.
		-- Winning sentence, 1986 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Been Transferred Lately?
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more
annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
		-- Oscar Wilde
"Yacc" owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have
goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in
their endless search for "one more feature."  Their irritating
unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my
doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
		-- S. C. Johnson, "Yacc guide acknowledgements"
Miksch's Law:
	If a string has one end, then it has another end.
Put your best foot forward.  Or just call in and say you're sick.
Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
Man 1:	Ask me the what the most important thing about telling a good joke is.

Man 2:	OK, what is the most impo --

Man 1:	______TIMING!
		     THE "FUN WITH USENET" MANIFESTO
Very little happens on Usenet without some sort of response from some other 
reader.  Fun With Usenet postings are no exception.  Since there are some who 
might question the rationale of some of the excerpts included therein, I have 
written up a list of guidelines that sum up the philosophy behind these 
postings.

	One.  I never cut out words in the middle of a quote without a VERY 
good reason, and I never cut them out without including ellipses.  For 
instance, "I am not a goob" might become "I am ... a goob", but that's too 
mundane to bother with.  "I'm flame proof" might (and has) become 
"I'm ...a... p...oof" but that's REALLY stretching it.

	Two.  If I cut words off the beginning or end of a quote, I don't
put ellipses, but neither do I capitalize something that wasn't capitalized
before the cut. "I don't think that the Church of Ubizmo is a wonderful
place" would turn into "the Church of Ubizmo is a wonderful place".  Imagine
the posting as a tape-recording of the poster's thoughts.  If I can set
up the quote via fast-forwarding and stopping the tape, and without splicing,
I don't put ellipses in.  And by the way, I love using this mechanism for
turning things around.  If you think something stinks, say so - don't say you
don't think it's wonderful.   ...
-- D. J. McCarthy (dmccart@cadape.UUCP)
You have a truly strong individuality.
The primary function of the design engineer is to make things
difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's
listening.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
"The wages of sin are death; but after they're done taking out taxes,
it's just a tired feeling:"
Oh, give me a home,
Where the buffalo roam,
And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of
them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe
their wish has been granted.
		-- W.H. Auden, "The Dyer's Hand"
Behind every great man, there is a woman -- urging him on.
		-- Harry Mudd, "I, Mudd", stardate 4513.3
If you don't drink it, someone else will.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
When one knows women one pities men, but when one studies men,
one excuses women.
		-- Horne Tooke
Time goes, you say?
Ah no!
Time stays, *we* go.
		-- Austin Dobson
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a
simple system that works.
It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be 
coming up it.
		-- Henry Allen
The public is an old woman.  Let her maunder and mumble.
		-- Thomas Carlyle
"Time is an illusion.  Lunchtime doubly so."
-- Ford Prefect, _Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy_
When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking
about themselves.
If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
/earth: file system full.
QOTD:
	Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch.
E.T. GO HOME!!!  (And take your Smurfs with you.)
I put up my thumb... and it blotted out the planet Earth.
		-- Neil Armstrong
Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
	All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.
Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run
like a staff function.
		-- Paul Licker
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away".
		-- Philip K. Dick
You're working under a slight handicap.  You happen to be human.
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
		-- Maya Angelou, "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings"
The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the
lower the mailing cost.
		-- S. Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"
"In corporate life, I think there are three important areas which contracts
can't deal with, the area of conflict, the area of change and area of reaching
potential.  To me a covenant is a relationship that is based on such things
as shared ideals and shared value systems and shared ideas and shared
agreement as to the processes we are going to use for working together.  In
many cases they develop into real love relationships."
-- Max DePree, chairman and CEO of Herman Miller Inc., "Herman Miller's 
   Secrets of Corporate Creativity", The Wall Street Journal, May 3, 1988
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I.  I
believe everything positively stinks.
		-- Lew Col
It is illegal to say "Oh, Boy" in Jonesboro, Georgia.
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
		-- Washlesky
"If you want to travel around the world and be invited to speak at a lot
of different places, just write a Unix operating system."
(By Linus Torvalds)
There's small choice in rotten apples.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.
YOW!!  Up ahead!  It's a DONUT HUT!!
I'm proud to be paying taxes in the United States.  The only thing is
-- I could be just as proud for half the money.
		-- Arthur Godfrey
Hubbard's Law:
	Don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive.
A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil. 
Replied Voltaire, "This is no time to make new enemies."
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.
A violent man will die a violent death.
		-- Lao Tsu
Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
		-- Walt Kelly, "Ten Ever-Lovin' Blue-Eyed Years With Pogo"
Toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch.
I'm sitting on my SPEED QUEEN ... To me, it's ENJOYABLE ... I'm WARM
... I'm VIBRATORY ...
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.

Space is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen to you.
Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention:
	Unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will
	reject the proposal.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a
hole in his head.
Does someone from PEORIA have a SHORTER ATTENTION span than me?
You are never given a wish without also being given the
power to make it true.  You may have to work for it, however.
		-- R. Bach, "Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for
		   the Advanced Soul"
Police:	Good evening, are you the host?
Host:	No.
Police:	We've been getting complaints about this party.
Host:	About the drugs?
Police:	No.
Host:	About the guns, then?  Is somebody complaining about the guns?
Police:	No, the noise.
Host:	Oh, the noise.  Well that makes sense because there are no guns
	or drugs here.  (An enormous explosion is heard in the
	background.)  Or fireworks.  Who's complaining about the noise?
	The neighbors?
Police:	No, the neighbors fled inland hours ago.  Most of the recent
	complaints have come from Pittsburgh.  Do you think you could
	ask the host to quiet things down?
Host:	No Problem.  (At this point, a Volkswagon bug with primitive
	religious symbols drawn on the doors emerges from the living
	room and roars down the hall, past the police and onto the
	lawn, where it smashes into a tree.  Eight guests tumble out
	onto the grass, moaning.)  See?  Things are starting to wind
	down.
Dime is money.
Farewell we call to hearth and hall!
Though wind may blow and rain may fall,
We must away ere break of day
Far over wood and mountain tall.

	To Rivendell, where Elves yet dwell
	In glades beneath the misty fell,
	Through moor and waste we ride in haste,
	And whither then we cannot tell.

With foes ahead, behind us dread,
Beneath the sky shall be our bed,
Until at last our toil be passed,
Our journey done, our errand sped.

	We must away!  We must away!
	We ride before the break of day!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
		-- M.C. Escher
Mother told me to be good but she's been wrong before.
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and
robbers there will be.
		-- Lao Tsu
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
		-- Seymour Papert
We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
		-- A. Schweitzer
Moebius always does it on the same side.
If you ever want to have a lot of fun, I recommend that you go off and program
an imbedded system.  The salient characteristic of an imbedded system is that
it cannot be allowed to get into a state from which only direct intervention
will suffice to remove it.  An imbedded system can't permanently trust anything
it hears from the outside world.  It must sniff around, adapt, consider, sniff
around, and adapt again.  I'm not talking about ordinary modular programming
carefulness here.  No.  Programming an imbedded system calls for undiluted
raging maniacal paranoia.  For example, our ethernet front ends need to know
what network number they are on so that they can address and route PUPs
properly.  How do you find out what your network number is?  Easy, you ask a
gateway.  Gateways are required by definition to know their correct network
numbers.  Once you've got your network number, you start using it and before
you can blink you've got it wired into fifteen different sockets spread all
over creation.  Now what happens when the panic-stricken operator realizes he
was running the wrong version of the gateway which was giving out the wrong
network number?  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  Supposing that your
software discovers that the gateway is now giving out a different network
number than before, what's it supposed to do about it?  This is not discussed
in the protocol document.  Never supposed to happen.  Tough.  I think you 
get my drift.
Welcome to UNIX!  Enjoy your session!  Have a great time!  Note the
use of exclamation points!  They are a very effective method for
demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking
sentence!  However, there are drawbacks!  Too much unnecessary exclaiming
can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on
the reader!  For example, the sentence

	Jane went to the store to buy bread

should only be ended with an exclamation point if there is something
sensational about her going to the store, for example, if Jane is a
cocker spaniel or if Jane is on a diet that doesn't allow bread or if
Jane doesn't exist for some reason!  See how easy it is?!  Proper control
of exclamation points can add new meaning to your life!  Call now to receive
my free pamphlet, "The Wonder and Mystery of the Exclamation Point!"!
Enclose fifteen(!) dollars for postage and handling!  Operators are
standing by!  (Which is pretty amazing, because they're all cocker spaniels!)
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity, no really
self-respecting woman would take advantage of it.
		-- George Bernard Shaw, "John Bull's Other Island"
"I wonder", he said to himself, "what's in a book while it's closed.  Oh, I 
know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must 
be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people 
I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles."
		-- Bastian B. Bux
NEVER swerve to hit a lawyer riding a bicycle -- it might be your bicycle.
Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
		-- Pink Floyd
Kids always brighten up a house; mostly by leaving the lights on.
A hypothetical paradox:
	What would happen in a battle between an Enterprise security team,
	who always get killed soon after appearing, and a squad of Imperial
	Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
		-- Tom Galloway
Q:	Why do WASPs play golf ?
A:	So they can dress like pimps.
I sent a letter to the fish,		I said it very loud and clear,
I told them, "This is what I wish."	I went and shouted in his ear.
The little fishes of the sea,		But he was very stiff and proud,
They sent an answer back to me.		He said "You needn't shout so loud."
The little fishes' answer was		And he was very proud and stiff,
"We cannot do it, sir, because..."	He said "I'll go and wake them if..."
I sent a letter back to say		I took a kettle from the shelf,
It would be better to obey.		I went to wake them up myself.
But someone came to me and said		But when I found the door was locked
"The little fishes are in bed."		I pulled and pushed and kicked and
						knocked,
I said to him, and I said it plain	And when I found the door was shut,
"Then you must wake them up again."	I tried to turn the handle, But...

	"Is that all?" asked Alice.
	"That is all." said Humpty Dumpty. "Goodbye."
A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!
	[From the fury of the norsemen deliver us, O Lord!]
		-- Medieval prayer
Marriage is a three ring circus: engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
		-- Roger Price
Barker's Proof:
	Proofreading is more effective after publication.
Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
		-- Yogi Berra in his rookie season.
In Blythe, California, a city ordinance declares that a person must own
at least two cows before he can wear cowboy boots in public.
I'd rather just believe that it's done by little elves running around.
Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
		-- Thomas Tusser
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...
IBM Pollyanna Principle:
	Machines should work.  People should think.
So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie;
and at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head
into the shop. "What! no soap?" So he died, and she very imprudently
married the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand
Panjandrum himself, with the little round button at top, and they all
fell to playing the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran
out at the heels of their boots.
		-- Samuel Foote
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
User hostile.
Only the fittest survive. The vanquished acknowledge their unworthiness by 
placing a classified ad with the ritual phrase "must sell -- best offer," 
and thereafter dwell in infamy, relegated to discussing gas mileage and lawn
food.  But if successful, you join the elite sodality that spends hours 
unpurifying the dialect of the tribe with arcane talk of bits and bytes, RAMS
and ROMS, hard disks and baud rates. Are you obnoxious, obsessed?  It's a 
modest price to pay.  For you have tapped into the same awesome primal power 
that produces credit-card billing errors and lost plane reservations.  Hail,
postindustrial warrior, subduer of Bounceoids, pride of the cosmos, keeper of
the silicone creed: Computo, ergo sum.  The force is with you -- at 110 volts.
May your RAMS be fruitful and multiply.
		-- Curt Suplee, "Smithsonian", 4/83
You know, the difference between this company and the Titanic is that the
Titanic had paying customers.
History has much to say on following the proper procedures.  From a history
of the Mexican revolution:
	"Hidalgo was later defeated at Guadalajara.  The rebel army was
captured on its way through the mountains.  All were courtmartialed and
shot, except Hidalgo, because he was a priest.  He was handed over to
the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the
army where he was then executed."
Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?
		-- "The Rockford Files"
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
		-- Minna Antrim, "Naked Truth and Veiled Allusions"
When you jump for joy, beware that no-one moves the ground from beneath
your feet.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Unkempt Thoughts"
Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.
The vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that high
aims are worth-while.  Vigorous societies harbor a certain extravagance of
objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of personal
gratifications.  All strong interests easily become impersonal, the love of
a good job well done.  There is a sense of harmony about such an accomplishment,
the Peace brought by something worth-while.
- Alfred North Whitehead, 1963, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
I'm DESPONDENT ... I hope there's something DEEP-FRIED under this
miniature DOMED STADIUM ...
There was this New Yorker that had a lifelong ambition to be an Texan.
Fortunately, he had an Texan friend and went to him for advice.  "Mike,
you know I've always wanted to be a Texan.  You're a *____real* Texan, what
should I do?"
	"Well," answered Mike, "The first thing you've got to do is look
like a Texan.  That means you have to dress right.  The second thing
you've got to do is speak in a southern drawl."
	"Thanks, Mike, I'll give it a try," replied the New Yorker.
	A few weeks passed and the New Yorker saunters into a store dressed
in a ten-gallon hat, cowboy boots, Levi jeans and a bandanna.  "Hey, there,
pardner, I'd like some beef, not too rare, and some of them fresh biscuits,"
he tells the counterman.
	The guy behind the counter takes a long look at him and then says,
"You must be from New York."
	The New Yorker blushes, and says, "Well, yes, I am.  How did
you know?"
	"Because this is a hardware store."
The perfect man is the true partner.  Not a bed partner nor a fun partner,
but a man who will shoulder burdens equally with [you] and possess that
quality of joy.
		-- Erica Jong
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
... proper attention to Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the
downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited
awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
		-- David Baker, paraphrasing Harold Urey, in
		   "The History of Manned Space Flight"
	So Richard and I decided to try to catch [the small shark].
With a great deal of strategy and effort and shouting, we managed to
maneuver the shark, over the course of about a half-hour, to a sort of
corner of the lagoon, so that it had no way to escape other than to
flop up onto the land and evolve.  Richard and I were inching toward
it, sort of crouched over, when all of a sudden it turned around and --
I can still remember the sensation I felt at that moment, primarily in
the armpit area -- headed right straight toward us.
	Many people would have panicked at this point.  But Richard and
I were not "many people."  We were experienced waders, and we kept our
heads.  We did exactly what the textbook says you should do when you're
unarmed and a shark that is nearly two feet long turns on you in water
up to your lower calves: We sprinted I would say 600 yards in the
opposite direction, using a sprinting style such that the bottoms of
our feet never once went below the surface of the water.  We ran all
the way to the far shore, and if we had been in a Warner Brothers
cartoon we would have run right INTO the beach, and you would have seen
these two mounds of sand racing across the island until they bonked
into trees and coconuts fell onto their heads.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Wonders of Sharks on TV"
10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.
April 1

This is the day upon which we are reminged of what we are on the other three
hundred and sixty-four.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the
manes of horses.  The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle
baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest
is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.
Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.  Politics is about
surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby
Used staples are good with SOY SAUCE!
	"Has anyone had problems with the computer accounts?"
	"Yes, I don't have one."
	"Okay, you can send mail to one of the tutors ..."
		-- E. D'Azevedo, Computer Science 372
I was the best I ever had.
		-- Woody Allen
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
		-- H.L. Mencken
Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T.K.
Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens
to you.
		-- Aldous Huxley
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
Oh this age!  How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
		-- Gaius Valerius Catullus
Q:	Why does Washington have the most lawyers per capita and
	New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
A:	God gave New Jersey first choice.
Look into my eyes and try to forget that you have a Macy's charge card!
Humor in the Court:
Q: Could you see him from where you were standing?
A: I could see his head.
Q: And where was his head?
A: Just above his shoulders.
Microsoft is not the answer.
Microsoft is the question.
NO (or Linux) is the answer.
(Taken from a .signature from someone from the UK, source unknown)
If it is a Miracle, any sort of evidence will answer, but if it is a Fact,
proof is necessary.
		-- Samuel Clemens
Sum quod eris.
... before I could come to any conclusion it occurred to me that my speech
or my silence, indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility.  What
did it matter what anyone knew or ignored?  What did it matter who was
manager?  One gets sometimes such a flash of insight. The essentials of
this affair lay deep under the surface, beyond my reach, and beyond my
power of meddling.
		-- Joseph Conrad
	This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go,
explaining that Interactive Easyflow is a copyrighted package licensed for
use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it
and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
	We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around
pirating copies of Interactive Easyflow; this is just as well with us since
we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of
making anything out of all the hard work.
	If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go
around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much
attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.  Just keep your doors
locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
		-- License Agreement for Interactive Easyflow
scenario, n.:
	An imagined sequence of events that provides the context in
	which a business decision is made.  Scenarios always come in
	sets of three: best case, worst case, and just in case.
There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.
=======================================================================
||								     ||
|| The FORTUNE-COOKIE program is soon to be a Major Motion Picture!  ||
||	   Watch for it at a theater near you next summer!	     ||
||								     ||
=======================================================================
	Francis Ford Coppola presents a George Lucas Production:
			"Fortune Cookie"
	Directed by Steven Spielberg.
	Starring  Harrison Ford  Bette Midler  Marlon Brando
		  Christopher Reeves  Marilyn Chambers
		  and Bob Hope as "The Waiter".
	Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin.
	Special Effects by Timothy Leary.
	Read the Warner paperback!
	Invoke the Unix program!
	Soundtrack on XTC Records.
	In 70mm and Dolby Stereo at selected theaters and terminal
		centers.
Microsoft Corp., concerned by the growing popularity of the free 32-bit
operating system for Intel systems, Linux, has employed a number of top
programmers from the underground world of virus development. Bill Gates stated
yesterday: "World domination, fast -- it's either us or Linus". Mr. Torvalds
was unavailable for comment ...
(rjm@swift.eng.ox.ac.uk (Robert Manners), in comp.os.linux.setup)
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.
Kill Ugly Processor Architectures
- Karl Lehenbauer
Q:	What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
A:	Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!
Cinemuck, n.:
	The combination of popcorn, soda, and melted chocolate which
	covers the floors of movie theaters.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
You will get what you deserve.
Honesty's the best policy.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
		-- Vauvenargues
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
For my son, Robert, this is proving to be the high-point of his entire life
to date.  He has had his pajamas on for two, maybe three days now.  He has
the sense of joyful independence a 5-year-old child gets when he suddenly
realizes that he could be operating an acetylene torch in the coat closet
and neither parent [because of the flu] would have the strength to object.
He has been foraging for his own food, which means his diet consists
entirely of "food" substances which are advertised only on Saturday-morning
cartoon shows; substances that are the color of jukebox lights and that, for
legal reasons, have their names spelled wrong, as in New Creemy
Chok-'n'-Cheez Lumps o' Froot ("part of this complete breakfast").
		-- Dave Barry, "Molecular Homicide"
The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see fit to create Frenchmen
in the image of Englishmen.
		-- Winston Churchill, 1942
"BTW, does Jesus know you flame?"
-- Diane Holt, dianeh@binky.UUCP, to Ed Carp
The distinction between true and false appears to become increasingly
blurred by... the pollution of the language.
		-- Arne Tiselius
			Pittsburgh driver's test

(2) A traffic light at an intersection changes from yellow to red, you should

	(a) stop immediately.
	(b) proceed slowly through the intersection.
	(c) blow the horn.
	(d) floor it.

The correct answer is (d). If you said (c), you were almost right, so
give yourself a half point.
A diplomatic husband said to his wife, "How do you expect me to remember
your birthday when you never look any older?"
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
		-- R. Geis
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.
If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.
Year  Name				James Bond	Book
----  --------------------------------	--------------	----
50's  James Bond TV Series		Barry Nelson
1962  Dr. No				Sean Connery	1958
1963  From Russia With Love		Sean Connery	1957
1964  Goldfinger			Sean Connery	1959
1965  Thunderball			Sean Connery	1961
1967* Casino Royale			David Niven	1954
1967  You Only Live Twice		Sean Connery	1964
1969  On Her Majesty's Secret Service	George Lazenby	1963
1971  Diamonds Are Forever		Sean Connery	1956
1973  Live And Let Die			Roger Moore	1955
1974  The Man With The Golden Gun	Roger Moore	1965
1977  The Spy Who Loved Me		Roger Moore	1962 (novelette)
1979  Moonraker				Roger Moore	1955
1981  For Your Eyes Only		Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1983  Octopussy				Roger Moore	1965
1983* Never Say Never Again		Sean Connery
1985  A View To A Kill			Roger Moore	1960 (novelette)
1987  The Living Daylights		Timothy Dalton	1965 (novelette)
	* -- Not a Broccoli production.
Who made the world I cannot tell;
'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed,
I never soiled with such a deed.
		-- A.E. Housman
Keep your Eye on the Ball,
Your Shoulder to the Wheel,
Your Nose to the Grindstone,
Your Feet on the Ground,
Your Head on your Shoulders.
Now... try to get something DONE!
A fellow bought a new car, a Nissan, and was quite happy with his purchase.
He was something of an animist, however, and felt that the car really ought
to have a name.  This presented a problem, as he was not sure if the name
should be masculine or feminine.
	After considerable thought, he settled on an naming the car either
Belchazar or Beaumadine, but remained in a quandry about the final choice.
	"Is a Nissan male or female?" he began asking his friends.  Most of
them looked at him pecularly, mumbled things about urgent appointments, and
went on their way rather quickly.
	He finally broached the question to a lady he knew who held a black
belt in judo.  She thought for a moment and answered "Feminine."
	The swiftness of her response puzzled him. "You're sure of that?" he
asked.
	"Certainly," she replied. "They wouldn't sell very well if they were
masculine."
	"Unhhh...  Well, why not?"
	"Because people want a car with a reputation for going when you want
it to.  And, if Nissan's are female, it's like they say...  `Each Nissan, she
go!'"

	[No, we WON'T explain it; go ask someone who practices an oriental
	martial art.  (Tai Chi Chuan probably doesn't count.)  Ed.]
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is
becoming an endangered synthetic.
		-- Lily Tomlin
The early worm gets the bird.
The F-15 Eagle:  
	If it's up, we'll shoot it down.  If it's down, we'll blow it up.
-- A McDonnel-Douglas ad from a few years ago
The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems
and solutions we can imagine is very close.  For this reason restricting
language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best
dangerous.
- Bjarne Stroustrup in "The C++ Programming Language"
	If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs
around your home are too difficult to tackle.  So, when your furnace
explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it.  The
"professional" arrives in a truck with lettering on the sides and deposits a
large quantity of tools and two assistants who spend the better part of the
week in your basement whacking objects at random with heavy wrenches, after
which the "professional" returns and gives you a bill for slightly more
money than it would cost you to run a successful campaign for the U.S.
Senate.
	And that's why you've decided to start doing things yourself. You
figure, "If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I.  How difficult can
it be?"
	Very difficult.  In fact, most home projects are impossible, which
is why you should do them yourself.  There is no point in paying other
people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up yourself for far
less money.  This article can help you.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
There's one consolation about matrimony.  When you look around you can
always see somebody who did worse.
		-- Warren H. Goldsmith
I know not how I came into this, shall I call it a dying life or a
living death?
		-- St. Augustine
Cheit's Lament:
	If you help a friend in need, he is sure to remember you--
	the next time he's in need.
Brook's Law:
	Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
... [concerning quotation marks] even if we *___did* quote anybody in this
business, it probably would be gibberish.
		-- Thom McLeod
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the
country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which
I happen to have in my top desk drawer.  Some of the Tips for Better Driving
are worth considering, to wit:

[173.15b]:
	"When competing for a section of road or a parking space, remember
        that the vehicle in need of the most body work has the right-of-way."

[141.2a]:
       "Although it is altogether possible to fit a 6' car into a 6'
        parking space, it is hardly ever possible to fit a 6' car into
        a 5' parking space."

[105.31]:
       "Teenage drivers believe that they are immortal, and drive accordingly.
        Nevertheless, you should avoid the temptation to prove them wrong."
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
		-- Kin Hubbard
With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team
celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus
party.  Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and
eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at
parties.
	"Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the
strong academic types than to the dumb party animals," she said.  "What's
your G.P.A.?"
	Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, "I get about twenty-five in
the city and forty on the highway."
Captain Penny's Law:
	You can fool all of the people some of the
	time, and some of the people all of the
	time, but you can't fool mom.
>One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative.

Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
-- Chuq Von Rospach, chuq@Apple.COM 
With the news that Nancy Reagan has referred to an astrologer when planning
her husband's schedule, and reports of Californians evacuating Los Angeles
on the strength of a prediction from a sixteenth-century physician and
astrologer Michel de Notredame, the image of the U.S. as a scientific and
technological nation has taking a bit of a battering lately.  Sadly, such
happenings cannot be dismissed as passing fancies.  They are manifestations
of a well-established "anti-science" tendency in the U.S. which, ultimately,
could threaten the country's position as a technological power. . . .  The
manifest widespread desire to reject rationality and substitute a series
of quasirandom beliefs in order to understand the universe does not augur
well for a nation deeply concerned about its ability to compete with its
industrial equals.  To the degree that it reflects the thinking of a 
significant section of the public, this point of view encourages ignorance
of and, indeed, contempt for science and for rational methods of approaching
truth. . . . It is becoming clear that if the U.S. does not pick itself up
soon and devote some effort to educating the young effectively, its hope of
maintaining a semblance of leadership in the world may rest, paradoxically,
with a new wave of technically interested and trained immigrants who do not
suffer from the anti-science disease rampant in an apparently decaying society.
-- Physicist Tony Feinberg, in "New Scientist," May 19, 1988
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature
replaces it with.
		-- Tennessee Williams
	When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
"Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!  I'm strapped for cash and I haven't
the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!"
	"I'm glad to hear that," answered Abe.  "I was afraid you
might have some idea that you could borrow from me!"
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
"Note that if I can get you to \"su and say\" something just by asking,
you have a very serious security problem on your system and you should
look into it."
(By Paul Vixie, vixie-cron 3.0.1 installation notes)
The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a
soda can, when discarded will last forever ... and a $7,000 car which
when properly cared for will rust out in two or three years.
Don't kid yourself.  Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
		-- John Lennon, "Beautiful Boy"
no maintenance:
	Impossible to fix.
Take a look around you, tell me what you see,
A girl who thinks she's ordinary lookin' she has got the key.
If you can get close enough to look into her eyes
There's something special right behind the bitterness she hides.
	And you're fair game,
	You never know what she'll decide, you're fair game,
	Just relax, enjoy the ride.
Find a way to reach her, make yourself a fool,
But do it with a little class, disregard the rules.
'Cause this one knows the bottom line, couldn't get a date.
The ugly duckling striking back, and she'll decide her fate.
	(chorus)
The ones you never notice are the ones you have to watch.
She's pleasant and she's friendly while she's looking at your crotch.
Try your hand at conversation, gossip is a lie,
And sure enough she'll take you home and make you wanna die.
	(chorus)
		-- Crosby, Stills, Nash, "Fair Game"
BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then
carefully print the chaff.
What I mean (and everybody else means) by the word QUALITY cannot be
broken down into subjects and predicates.  This is not because Quality
is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
		-- R. Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"
If all the seas were ink,
And all the reeds were pens,
And all the skies were parchment,
And all the men could write,
These would not suffice
To write down all the red tape
Of this Government. 
To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn
old falsehoods.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love"
Despite all appearances, your boss is a thinking, feeling, human being.
According to Kentucky state law, every person must take a bath at least
once a year.
[Babe] Ruth made a big mistake when he gave up pitching.
		-- Tris Speaker, 1921
Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
As Gen. de Gaulle occassionally acknowledges America to be the daughter
of Europe, so I am pleased to come to Yale, the daughter of Harvard.
		-- J.F. Kennedy
If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in?  I think
that's how dogs spend their lives.
		-- Sue Murphy
What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond
your control.  But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or
your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.  If you feel
powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do
with as you will.
		-- Marion Zimmer Bradley, "Stormqueen"
Last night the power went out.  Good thing my camera had a flash....
The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
		-- Steven Wright
"Old age and treachery will beat youth and skill every time."
-- a coffee cup
"Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all...."
-- Thomas J. Kopp
[Washington, D.C.] is the home of... taste for the people -- the big,
the bland and the banal.
		-- Ada Louise Huxtable
Politics makes strange bedfellows, and journalism makes strange politics.
		-- Amy Gorin
Q:	What is purple and concord the world?
A:	Alexander the Grape.
Parkinson's Fifth Law:
	If there is a way to delay in important decision, the good
	bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
Be independent.  Insult a rich relative today.
I would gladly raise my voice in praise of women, only they won't let me
raise my voice.
		-- Winkle
1893 The ideal brain tonic
1900 Drink Coca-Cola -- delicious and refreshing -- 5 cents at all
	soda fountains
1905 Is the favorite drink for LADIES when thirsty -- weary -- despondent
1905 Refreshes the weary, brightens the intellect and clears the brain
1906 The drink of QUALITY
1907 Good to the last drop
1907 It satisfies the thirst and pleases the palate
1907 Refreshing as a summer breeze.  Delightful as a Dip in the Sea
1908 The Drink that Cheers but does not inebriate
1917 There's a delicious freshness to the taste of Coca-Cola
1919 It satisfies thirst
1919 The taste is the test
1922 Every glass holds the answer to thirst
1922 Thirst knows no season
1925 Enjoy the sociable drink
		-- Coca-Cola slogans
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
		-- Sophocles
If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?
Never trust a child farther than you can throw it.
It has been justly observed by sages of all lands that although a man may be
most happily married and continue in that state with the utmost contentment,
it does not necessarily follow that he has therefore been struck stone-blind.
		-- H. Warner Munn
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
- Calvin Keegan
ANN JILLIAN'S HAIR makes LONI ANDERSON'S HAIR look like RICARDO
MONTALBAN'S HAIR!
An Ada exception is when a routine gets in trouble and says
'Beam me up, Scotty'.
While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
Hollerith, v.:
	What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately,
they're not all recommended.
To update Voltaire, "I may kill all msgs from you, but I'll fight for 
your right to post it, and I'll let it reside on my disks". 
-- Doug Thompson (doug@isishq.FIDONET.ORG)
O slender as a willow-wand!  O clearer than clear water!
O reed by the living pool!  Fair river-daughter!
O spring-time and summer-time, and spring again after!
O wind on the waterfall, and the leaves' laughter!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
A dwarf is passing out somewhere in Detroit!
Inside, I'm already SOBBING!
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing.
		-- R. Geis
Maybe we could paint GOLDIE HAWN a rich PRUSSIAN BLUE --
He's dead, Jim.
Remember folks.  Street lights timed for 35 mph are also timed for 70 mph.
		-- Jim Samuels
I believe a little incompatibility is the spice of life, particularly if he
has income and she is pattable.
		-- Ogden Nash
Heisengberg might have been here.
Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.
Sattinger's Law:
	It works better if you plug it in.
I came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys...and 
the building started up.  So I took it out for a drive.  A cop pulled me over 
for speeding.  He asked me where I live... "Right here".
-- Steven Wright
QOTD:
	How can I miss you if you won't go away?
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
To thine own self be true.  (If not that, at least make some money.)
In /users3 did Kubla Kahn
A stately pleasure dome decree,
Where /bin, the sacred river ran
Through Test Suites measureless to Man
Down to a sunless C.
"Note that if I can get you to \"su and say\" something just by asking,
you have a very serious security problem on your system and you should
look into it."
(By Paul Vixie, vixie-cron 3.0.1 installation notes)
hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub.
The F-15 Eagle:  
	If it's up, we'll shoot it down.  If it's down, we'll blow it up.
-- A McDonnel-Douglas ad from a few years ago
Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Do as I say, not as I do.
	Do me a favour and don't tell me about it.  I don't want to know.
	What did you do *this* time?
	If it didn't taste bad, it wouldn't be good for you.
	When I was your age...
	I won't love you if you keep doing that.
	Think of all the starving children in India.
	If there's one thing I hate, it's a liar.
	I'm going to kill you.
	Way to go, clumsy.
	If you don't like it, you can lump it.
Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, on qualifiers
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare
"Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is 
shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods."
-- Albert Einstein
I argue very well.  Ask any of my remaining friends.  I can win an argument on
any topic, against any opponent.  People know this, and steer clear of me at
parties.  Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.
		-- Dave Barry
The bank sent our statement this morning,
The red ink was a sight of great awe!
Their figures and mine might have balanced,
But my wife was too quick on the draw.
Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars, and Pluto, but not necessarily in
that order.
		-- Jeffrey Honig
What has roots as nobody sees,
Is taller than trees,
Up, up it goes,
And yet never grows?
The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination -- but the
combination is locked up in the safe.
		-- Peter DeVries
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
		-- Winston Churchill, on formal declarations of war
In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work,
the answer may be obtained by inspection.
      I bought the latest computer;
      it came fully loaded.
      It was guaranteed for 90 days,
      but in 30 was outmoded!
        - The Wall Street Journal passed along by Big Red Computer's SCARLETT
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Marriage is learning about women the hard way.
Moore's Constant:
	Everybody sets out to do something, and everybody
	does something, but no one does what he sets out to do.
Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that
every subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be
submitted to a certain publicity and impartiality.  All proffered 
samples of learning must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to 
common tests.  It is the essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that
any such "show-down" is sacrilegious and perverse.  The characteristic
of religion, from their point of view, is that it is intellectually
secret, not public; peculiarly revealed, not generall known; 
authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested in ordinary 
ways...It is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion is
conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists,
there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in
religion in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics
where the method of free inquiry has made its way.  The "religious"
would be the last to be willing that either the history of the
content of religion should be taught in this spirit; while those
to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely a technical device,
but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must protest against
its being taught in any other spirit.
- John Dewey (1859-1953), American philosopher, 
  from "Democracy in the Schools", 1908
"Oh, yes.  The important thing about having lots of things to  remember is
that you've got to go somewhere afterwards where you can remember them, you
see?  You've got to stop.  You haven't really been anywhere until you've got
back home.  I think that's what I mean."
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
"The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them."
		-- Joseph Heller, "Catch-22"
"...I could accept this openness, glasnost, perestroika, or whatever you want
to call it if they did these things: abolish the one party system; open the
Soviet frontier and allow Soviet people to travel freely; allow the Soviet
people to have real free enterprise; allow Western businessmen to do business
there, and permit freedom of speech and of the press.  But so far, the whole
country is like a concentration camp.  The barbed wire on the fence around
the Soviet Union is to keep people inside, in the dark.  This openness that
you are seeing, all these changes, are cosmetic and they have been designed
to impress shortsighted, naive, sometimes stupid Western leaders.  These
leaders gush over Gorbachev, hoping to do business with the Soviet Union or
appease it.  He will say: "Yes, we can do business!"  This while his
military machine in Afghanistan has killed over a million people out of a
population of 17 million.  Can you imagine that?
-- Victor Belenko, MiG-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976
   "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 110
Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
		-- Homer
"When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical."
		-- Jon Carroll
And I heard Jeff exclaim,
As they strolled out of sight,
"Merry Christmas to all --
You take credit cards, right?"
		-- "Outsiders" comic
	n = ((n >>  1) & 0x55555555) | ((n <<  1) & 0xaaaaaaaa);
	n = ((n >>  2) & 0x33333333) | ((n <<  2) & 0xcccccccc);
	n = ((n >>  4) & 0x0f0f0f0f) | ((n <<  4) & 0xf0f0f0f0);
	n = ((n >>  8) & 0x00ff00ff) | ((n <<  8) & 0xff00ff00);
	n = ((n >> 16) & 0x0000ffff) | ((n << 16) & 0xffff0000);

		-- C code which reverses the bits in a word.
True happiness will be found only in true love.
Civilization is fun!  Anyway, it keeps me busy!!
A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate cake
without ketchup and mustard.
Politicians are the same all over.  They promise to build a bridge even
where there is no river.
	-- Nikita Khrushchev
Alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse.
		-- Arthur Baer
hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub.
Technicality, n.:
	In an English court a man named Home was tried for slander in having
	accused a neighbor of murder.  His exact words were: "Sir Thomas Holt
	hath taken a cleaver and stricken his cook upon the head, so that one
	side of his head fell on one shoulder and the other side upon the
	other shoulder."  The defendant was acquitted by instruction of the
	court, the learned judges holding that the words did not charge murder,
	for they did not affirm the death of the cook, that being only an
	inference.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
We should have a Vollyballocracy.  We elect a six-pack of presidents.
Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
		-- Dennis Miller
Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
		-- Evan Davis
You're using a keyboard!  How quaint!
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
A couple more shots of whiskey, women 'round here start looking good.

		[something about a 10 being a 4 after a six-pack?  Ed.]
...the prevailing Catholic odor - incense, wax, centuries of mild bleating
from the lips of the flock.
-- Thomas Pynchon, _Gravity's Rainbow_
Woody: Hey, Mr. Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Norm:  See you later, Vera, I'll be at Cheers.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Sam:   Well, look at you.  You look like the cat that swallowed the canary.
Norm:  And I need a beer to wash him down.
		-- Cheers, Norm's Last Hurrah

Woody:  Would you like a beer, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   No, I'd like a dead cat in a glass.
		-- Cheers, Little Carla, Happy at Last, Part 2
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
"Boy, life takes a long time to live."
		-- Steven Wright
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
		-- Martin Luther King, Jr.
Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by
the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he
sees in it.  I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
		-- Morris Kline
President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic pundits and
forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
"It's ten o'clock... Do you know where your AI programs are?"  -- Peter Oakley
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.	"Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
All mimsy were the borogroves		The jaws that bite, the claws
And the mome raths outgrabe.			that catch!
					Beware the Jubjub bird,
He took his vorpal sword in hand	And shun the frumious Bandersnatch!"
Long time the manxome foe he sought.
So rested he by the tumtum tree		And as in uffish thought he stood
And stood awhile in thought.		The Jabberwock, with eyes aflame
					Came whuffling through the tulgey wood
One! Two! One! Two!  And through and	And burbled as it came!
	through
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack.	"Hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
He left it dead, and took its head,	Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
And went galumphing back.		Oh frabjous day!  Calooh!  Callay!"
					He chortled in his joy.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.
All mimsy were the borogroves
And the mome raths outgrabe.
		-- Lewis Carroll, "Jabberwocky"
"Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor
of journalism in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated,
it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community."
                                        - Oscar Wilde
The more cordial the buyer's secretary, the greater the odds that the
competition already has the order.
A debugged program is one for which you have not yet found the conditions
that make it fail.
		-- Jerry Ogdin
Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.
Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.
Office Automation:
	The use of computers to improve efficiency in the office
	by removing anyone you would want to talk with over coffee.
We can predict everything, except the future.
Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.
APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection.  It is the language of the
future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation
of coding bums.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first
thought of.
		-- Burt Bacharach
Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his name correctly
(Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into (Nick-les Worth).  Which
is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.
Mos Eisley Spaceport; you'll not find a more wretched collection of
villainy and disreputable types...
		-- Obi-wan Kenobi, "Star Wars"
Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of
those who govern.  The machinery of government is always subordinate to the
will of those who administer that machinery.  The most important element of
government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
		-- Frank Herbert, "Children of Dune"
Youth.  It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.
Practically perfect people never permit sentiment to muddle their thinking.
		-- Mary Poppins
A man was kneeling by a grave in a cemetery, crying and praying very loudly,
	"Oh why..eeeee did you die...eeeeee, Oh Why..eeeeee,
why did you Di......eeee"
The caretaker walks up, pardons himself and asks politely,
	"Excuse me, sir, but I've been seeing you for hours now,
carrying on at this grave.  You must have been very close to the deceased."
	"No, I never met him.  Oh why....eeeee did you dieeeeee,
why....eeeee did you.."
	"Sir, you say you never met this person, yet you carry on so?
Tell, me who is buried here?"
	"My wife's first husband."
The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
		-- RKO
It would be illogical to kill without reason.
		-- Spock, "Journey to Babel", stardate 3842.4
Many companies that have made themselves dependent on [the equipment of a
certain major manufacturer] (and in doing so have sold their soul to the
devil) will collapse under the sheer weight of the unmastered complexity of
their data processing systems.
		-- Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
"Irrationality is the square root of all evil"
		-- Douglas Hofstadter
... eighty years later he could still recall with the young pang of his
original joy his falling in love with Ada.
		-- Nabokov
Humor in the Court:
Q: What can you tell us about the truthfulness and veracity of this defendant?
A: Oh, she will tell the truth. She said she'd kill that sonofabitch--and 
   she did!
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
		-- Charlie McCarthy
Police:	Good evening, are you the host?
Host:	No.
Police:	We've been getting complaints about this party.
Host:	About the drugs?
Police:	No.
Host:	About the guns, then?  Is somebody complaining about the guns?
Police:	No, the noise.
Host:	Oh, the noise.  Well that makes sense because there are no guns
	or drugs here.  (An enormous explosion is heard in the
	background.)  Or fireworks.  Who's complaining about the noise?
	The neighbors?
Police:	No, the neighbors fled inland hours ago.  Most of the recent
	complaints have come from Pittsburgh.  Do you think you could
	ask the host to quiet things down?
Host:	No Problem.  (At this point, a Volkswagon bug with primitive
	religious symbols drawn on the doors emerges from the living
	room and roars down the hall, past the police and onto the
	lawn, where it smashes into a tree.  Eight guests tumble out
	onto the grass, moaning.)  See?  Things are starting to wind
	down.
You should go home.
Take me drunk, I'm home again!
Conquest is easy. Control is not.
		-- Kirk, "Mirror, Mirror", stardate unknown
Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin
NEWARK has been REZONED!!  DES MOINES has been REZONED!!
Magpie, n.:
	A bird whose theivish disposition suggested to someone that it
	might be taught to talk.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
The story you are about to hear is true.  Only the names have been
changed to protect the innocent.
Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
I have a box of telephone rings under my bed.  Whenever I get lonely, I
open it up a little bit, and I get a phone call.  One day I dropped the
box all over the floor.  The phone wouldn't stop ringing.  I had to get
it disconnected.  So I got a new phone.  I didn't have much money, so I
had to get an irregular.  It doesn't have a five.  I ran into a friend
of mine on the street the other day.  He said why don't you give me a
call.  I told him I can't call everybody I want to anymore, my phone
doesn't have a five.  He asked how long had it been that way.  I said I
didn't know -- my calendar doesn't have any sevens.
		-- Steven Wright
"I knew then (in 1970) that a 4-kbyte minicomputer would cost as much as
a house.  So I reasoned that after college, I'd have to live cheaply in
an apartment and put all my money into owning a computer."
-- Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, EE Times, June 6, 1988, pg 45
Sorry.  I forget what I was going to say.
Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
		-- The Dragon to Grendel, in John Gardner's "Grendel"
If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient
evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than words.
		-- Fran Lebowitz, "Metropolitan Life"
Whip it, baby.
Whip it right.
Whip it, baby.
Whip it all night!
Don't tell me how hard you work.  Tell me how much you get done.
		-- James J. Ling
"Everybody is talking about the weather but nobody does anything about it."
-- Mark Twain
Stay away from flying saucers today.
To be or not to be, that is the bottom line.
Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have
drawn them there.  What you choose to do with them is up to you.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
I think the world is run by C students.
		-- Al McGuire
Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection.
		-- '76 Olympics
How can you think and hit at the same time?
		-- Yogi Berra
(1)	A sheet of paper is an ink-lined plane.
(2)	An inclined plane is a slope up.
(3)	A slow pup is a lazy dog.

QED: A sheet of paper is a lazy dog.
		-- Willard Espy, "An Almanac of Words at Play"
Prejudice:
	A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
You should tip the waiter $10, minus $2 if he tells you his name, another $2
if he claims it will be His Pleasure to serve you and another $2 for each
"special" he describes involving confusing terms such as "shallots," and $4
if the menu contains the word "fixin's." In many restaurants, this means the
waiter will actually owe you money. If you are traveling with a child aged
six months to three years, you should leave an additional amount equal to
twice the bill to compensate for the fact that they will have to take the
banquette out and burn it because the cracks are wedged solid with gobbets
made of partially chewed former restaurant rolls saturated with baby spit.

In New York, tip the taxicab driver $40 if he does not mention his hemorrhoids.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Stuff of Etiquette"
An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you
really care to know.
Don't shout for help at night.  You might wake your neighbors.
		-- Stanislaw J. Lem, "Unkempt Thoughts"
I believe that part of what propels science is the thirst for wonder.  It's a
very powerful emotion.  All children feel it.  In a first grade classroom
everybody feels it; in a twelfth grade classroom almost nobody feels it, or
at least acknowledges it.  Something happens between first and twelfth grade,
and it's not just puberty.  Not only do the schools and the media not teach
much skepticism, there is also little encouragement of this stirring sense
of wonder.  Science and pseudoscience both arouse that feeling.  Poor
popularizations of science establish an ecological niche for pseudoscience.
- Carl Sagan, The Burden Of Skepticism, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. 12, Fall 87
The Official MBA Handbook on business cards:
	Avoid overly pretentious job titles such as "Lord of the Realm,
	Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India" or "Director of Corporate
	Planning."
My darling wife was always glum.
I drowned her in a cask of rum,
And so made sure that she would stay
In better spirits night and day.
O imitators, you slavish herd!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
Pushing 30 is exercise enough.
I have become me without my consent.
A man with one watch knows what time it is.
A man with two watches is never quite sure.
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
		-- Don Marquis
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
Appendix:
	A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.
An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
		-- Spanish proverb
Coronation, n.:
	The ceremony of investing a sovereign with the outward and visible
	signs of his divine right to be blown skyhigh with a dynamite bomb.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
The faster we go, the rounder we get.
		-- The Grateful Dead
byob, v:
	Believing Your Own Bull
Go ahead... make my day.
		-- Dirty Harry
Now I was heading, in my hot cage, down towards meat-market country on the
tip of the West Village.  Here the redbrick warehouses double as carcass
galleries and rat hives, the Manhattan fauna seeking its necessary
level, living or dead.  Here too you find the heavy faggot hangouts,
The Spike, the Water Closet, the Mother Load.  Nobody knows what goes on
in these places.  Only the heavy faggots know.  Even Fielding seems somewhat 
vague on the question.  You get zapped and flogged and dumped on -- by
almost anybody's standards, you have a really terrible time.  The average
patron arrives at the Spike in one taxi but needs to go back to his sock
in two.  And then the next night he shows up for more.  They shackle 
themselves to racks, they bask in urinals.  Their folks have a lot of
explaining to do, if you want my opinion, particularly the mums.  Sorry
to single you ladies out like this but the story must start somewhere.  
A craving for hourly murder -- it can't be willed.  In the meantime,
Fielding tells me, Mother Nature looks on and taps her foot and clicks
her tongue.  Always a champion of monogamy, she is cooking up some fancy
new diseases.  She just isn't going to stand for it.
-- Martin Amis, _Money_
Him:	"Your skin is so soft.  Are you a model?"
Her:	"No,"  [blush]  "I'm a cosmetologist."
Him:	"Really? That's incredible... It must be very tough to handle
	weightlessness."
		-- "The Jerk"
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as
it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo
of the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
		-- Steven Wright
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake
when you make it again.
		-- Franklin P. Jones
Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
One man's folly is another man's wife.
		-- Helen Rowland
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American:
	The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.
I was born because it was a habit in those days, people didn't know
anything else ... I was not a Child Prodigy, because a Child Prodigy is
a child who knows as much when it is a child as it does when it grows up.
		-- Will Rogers
He's dead, Jim.
Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
My friend has a baby.  I'm writing down all the noises he makes so
later I can ask him what he meant.
		-- Steven Wright
Programmers do it bit by bit.
We must die because we have known them.
		-- Ptah-hotep, 2000 B.C.
"You're a creature of the night, Michael.  Wait'll Mom hears about this."
-- from the movie "The Lost Boys"
Well, don't worry about it...  It's nothing.
		-- Lieutenant Kermit Tyler (Duty Officer of Shafter Information
		   Center, Hawaii), upon being informed that Private Joseph
		   Lockard had picked up a radar signal of what appeared to be
		   at least 50 planes soaring toward Oahu at almost 180 miles
		   per hour, December 7, 1941.
Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
		-- William Faulkner
no brainer:
	A decision which, viewed through the retrospectoscope,
	is "obvious" to those who failed to make it originally.
This ae nighte, this ae nighte,
Everye nighte and alle,
Fire and sleet and candlelyte,
And Christe receive thy saule.
		-- The Lykewake Dirge
When a woman gives me a present I have always two surprises:
first is the present, and afterward, having to pay for it.
		-- Donnay
The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be broken.
The idea that an arbitrary naive human should be able to properly use a given
tool without training or understanding is even more wrong for computing than
it is for other tools (e.g. automobiles, airplanes, guns, power saws).
		-- Doug Gwyn
In the broad and final sense all institutions are educational in the
sense that they operate to form the attitudes, dispositions, abilities
and disabilities that constitute a concrete personality...Whether this
educative process is carried on in a predominantly democratic or non-
democratic way becomes, therefore, a question of transcendent importance
not only for education itself but for its final effect upon all the
interests and activites of a society that is committed to the democratic
way of life.
- John Dewey (1859-1953), American philosopher
A friend is a present you give yourself.
		-- Robert Louis Stevenson
Q:	Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
A:	Because he was hungry.
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.
		-- Errol Flynn

Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
		-- Errol Flynn
"We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call
free enterprise," said Cash McCall, "but when one of our citizens
show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do
our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself."
		-- Cameron Hawley
Are there those in the land of the brave
Who can tell me how I should behave
	When I am disgraced
	Because I erased
	A file I intended to save?
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
 -- Russian Proverb
Q:	Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
A:	Because that was her name.
The First Rule of Program Optimization:
	Don't do it.

The Second Rule of Program Optimization (for experts only!):
	Don't do it yet.
		-- Michael Jackson
Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to
talk to.  And you just HAVE to watch it.  "Blind, masochistic minority,
crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love
them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."
Infancy, n.:
	The period of our lives when, according to Wordsworth, "Heaven lies
	about us."  The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, "Part of
this complete breakfast".  The way it comes up is, my 5-year-old will be
watching TV cartoon shows in the morning, and they'll show a commercial for
a children's compressed breakfast compound such as "Froot Loops" or "Lucky
Charms", and they always show it sitting on a table next to some actual food
such as eggs, and the announcer always says: "Part of this complete
breakfast".  Don't that really mean, "Adjacent to this complete breakfast",
or "On the same table as this complete breakfast"?  And couldn't they make
essentially the same claim if, instead of Froot Loops, they put a can of
shaving cream there, or a dead bat?

Answer: Yes.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"
Cynic, n.:
	One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
		-- Mark Twain
COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler one expects from
a corporation whose president codes in octal.
		-- J.N. Gray
It is right that he too should have his little chronicle, his memories,
his reason, and be able to recognize the good in the bad, the bad in the
worst, and so grow gently old all down the unchanging days and die one
day like any other day, only shorter.
		-- Samuel Beckett, "Malone Dies"
Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the
formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite
shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide
a grin.
		-- F.M. Colby, "Imaginary Obligations"
The meek are contesting the will.
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.
"All we are given is possibilities -- to make ourselves one thing or another."
-- Ortega y Gasset
The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
The real problem with hunting elephants is carrying the decoys.
Either CONFESS now or we go to "PEOPLE'S COURT"!!
All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from
the mouths of people who have had to live.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
The best man for the job is often a woman.
WHO sees a BEACH BUNNY sobbing on a SHAG RUG?!
Satire is what closes in New Haven.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
weapon, n.:
	An index of the lack of development of a culture.
Chism's Law of Completion:
	The amount of time required to complete a government project is
	precisely equal to the length of time already spent on it.
You think Oedipus had a problem -- Adam was Eve's mother.
"You are old," said the youth, "and I'm told by my peers
	That your lectures bore people to death.
Yet you talk at one hundred conventions per year --
	Don't you think that you should save your breath?"

"I have answered three questions and that is enough,"
	Said his father, "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you downstairs!"
Atlanta makes it against the law to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole
or street lamp.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
Greener's Law:
	Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
		-- Governor Tarkin
"The preeminence of a learned man over a worshiper is equal to the preeminence
of the moon, at the night of the full moon, over all the stars.  Verily, the
learned men are the heirs of the Prophets."
-- A tradition attributed to Muhammad
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.
"Stan and I thought that this experiment was so stupid, we decided to finance 
 it ourselves."
-- Martin Fleischmann, co-discoverer of room-temperature fusion (?)
Blutarsky's Axiom:
	Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.
Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
	[If youth but knew, if old age but could.]
		-- Henri Estienne
"A word to the wise: a credentials dicksize war is usually a bad idea on the
net."
(David Parsons in c.o.l.development.system, about coding in C.)
Real Programmers don't eat quiche.  They eat Twinkies and Szechwan food.
Long were the days of pain I have spent within its walls, and
long were the nights of aloneness; and who can depart from his
pain and his aloneness without regret?
		-- Kahlil Gibran, "The Prophet"
"I think Michael is like litmus paper - he's always trying to learn."
-- Elizabeth Taylor, absurd non-sequitir about Michael Jackson
God, I ask for patience -- and I want it right now!
The world is coming to an end ... SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!!
At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is
not.  But obviously it cannot be where it is not.  And if it is where
it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest.
		-- Zeno's paradox of the moving (still?) arrow
1: No code table for op: ++post
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
American culture is based on the automobile, and any young man of promise
is going to own one and want to travel great distances in it.  Consequently,
any young woman of aspiration should expect to spend most of her vacations
in a car, probing into unfamiliar corners.  She is not required to know how
to drive but she will certainly be expected to read the road map while her
husband drives, and if she can't, or if she's abnormally slow in giving him
help, she's bound to cause trouble.  Therefore, you'd think that colleges
which train the bright young women who're going to marry the bright young
men who are going to own the Cadillacs that roar back and forth across this
continent would teach the girls to read maps.  None do. They teach a hundred
other useless things, but never a word about the one that will cause the
greatest friction.
		-- James Michener, "Space"
In India, "cold weather" is merely a conventional phrase and has come into
use through the necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather
which will melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
		-- Mark Twain
"I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this
 country what it once was... an arctic wilderness."
-- Steve Martin
Spirtle, n.:
	The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in your eye.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
		-- Harlan Ellison
You can't break eggs without making an omelet.
Art is the tree of life.  Science is the tree of death.
Long life is in store for you.
We have ears, earther...FOUR OF THEM!
What you don't know won't help you much either.
		-- D. Bennett
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
		-- Publilius Syrus
He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much a master of the world
as he who is ready to die.
		-- Giacomo Leopardi
			Pittsburgh driver's test

(5) Your car's horn is a vital piece of safety equipment.  How often should
you test it?

	(a) once a year.
	(b) once a month.
	(c) once a day.
	(d) once an hour.

The correct answer is (d). You should test your car's horn at least once
every hour, and more often at night or in residential neighborhoods.
Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will get a respectful
hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
		-- Finley Peter Dunne
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
Marriage is learning about women the hard way.
To be or not to be.
		-- Shakespeare
To do is to be.
		-- Nietzsche
To be is to do.
		-- Sartre
Do be do be do.
		-- Sinatra
The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd.  The
man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been.
		-- Alan Ashley-Pitt
"Arguments with furniture are rarely productive."
		-- Kehlog Albran, "The Profit"
progress, n.:
	Medieval man thought disease was caused by invisible demons
	invading the body and taking possession of it.

	Modern man knows disease is caused by microscopic bacteria
	and viruses invading the body and causing it to malfunction.
We decided it was night again, so we camped for twenty minutes and drank 
another six beers at a Young Life campsite.  O.C. got into the supervisory 
adult's sleeping bag and ran around in it.  "This is the judgment day and I'm 
a terrifying apparition," he screamed.  Then the heat made O.C. ralph in the
bag.
-- The Utterly Monstrous, Mind-Roasting Summer of O.C. and Stiggs,
   National Lampoon, October 1982
One man's "magic" is another man's engineering.  "Supernatural" is a null word.
		-- Robert Heinlein
It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.  This
is untrue.  Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the
last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give
enough.
		-- Quentin Crisp, "How to Become a Virgin"
If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing
of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur
of this life.
		-- Albert Camus
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up
at the steam fitters' picnic.
Do not use that foreign word "ideals".  We have that excellent native
word "lies".
		-- Henrik Ibsen, "The Wild Duck"
Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
		-- Candice Bergen
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect the
sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the sunlight that
hits your neighbors' homes, too.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"
"The computer programmer is a creator of universes for which he alone
 is responsible. Universes of virtually unlimited complexity can be
 created in the form of computer programs."
-- Joseph Weizenbaum, _Computer Power and Human Reason_
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
		-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Beam me up, Scotty!
Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat!!
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
- Voltaire
Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.
	"I suppose you expect me to talk."
	"No, Mr. Bond.  I expect you to die."
		-- Goldfinger
Adding features does not necessarily increase functionality -- it just
makes the manuals thicker.
Objects are lost only because people look where they are not rather than
where they are.
This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.  Had there been an
actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.
But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than 
frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?  
		-- M. Proust
The hieroglyphics are all unreadable except for a notation on the back,
which reads "Genuine authentic Egyptian papyrus.  Guaranteed to be at
least 5000 years old."
Fortunate is he for whom the belle toils.
To teach is to learn twice.
		-- Joseph Joubert
Speer's 1st Law of Proofreading:
	The visibility of an error is inversely proportional to the
	number of times you have looked at it.
When you're not looking at it, this fortune is written in FORTRAN.
After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out. It was
replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life more
advanced than the lichen family.
		-- Dave Barry, "Kids Today: They Don't Know Dum Diddly Do"
"Open Channel D..."
-- Napoleon Solo, The Man From U.N.C.L.E.
Truth is free, but information costs.
Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is
wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits
that unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant?
Is it not a spectacle to make the angels laugh?  We are a company of
ignorant beings, feeling our way through mists and darkness, learning only
be incessantly repeated blunders, obtaining a glimmering of truth by
falling into every conceivable error, dimly discerning light enough for 
our daily needs, but hopelessly differing whenever we attempt to describe
the ultimate origin or end of our paths; and yet, when one of us ventures
to declare that we don't know the map of the universe as well as the map
of our infintesimal parish, he is hooted, reviled, and perhaps told that
he will be damned to all eternity for his faithlessness...
- Leslie Stephen, "An agnostic's Apology", Fortnightly Review, 1876
Woody:  What's the story, Mr. Peterson?
Norm:   The Bobbsey twins go to the brewery.
        Let's just cut to the happy ending.
		-- Cheers, Airport V

Woody:  Hey, Mr. Peterson, there's a cold one waiting for you.
Norm:   I know, and if she calls, I'm not here.
		-- Cheers, Bar Wars II: The Woodman Strikes Back

Sam:  Beer, Norm?
Norm: Have I gotten that predictable?  Good.
		-- Cheers, Don't Paint Your Chickens
%DCL-MEM-BAD, bad memory
VMS-F-PDGERS, pudding between the ears
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Sears has everything.
Sum quod eris.
Hi!  I'm Larry.  This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother
Jimbo.  We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.
Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.
Those lovable Brits department:
	They also have trouble pronouncing `vitamin'.
Absence makes the heart grow frantic.
...we must counterpose the overwhelming judgment provided by consistent
observations and inferences by the thousands.  The earth is billions of
years old and its living creatures are linked by ties of evolutionary
descent.  Scientists stand accused of promoting dogma by so stating, but
do we brand people illiberal when they proclaim that the earth is neither
flat nor at the center of the universe?  Science *has* taught us some
things with confidence!  Evolution on an ancient earth is as well
established as our planet's shape and position.  Our continuing struggle
to understand how evolution happens (the "theory of evolution") does not
cast our documentation of its occurrence -- the "fact of evolution" --
into doubt.
- Stephen Jay Gould, "The Verdict on Creationism", The Skeptical Inquirer,
  Vol XII No. 2
A man usually falls in love with a woman who asks the kinds of questions
he is able to answer.
		-- Ronald Colman
Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
		-- Marlo Thomas
What we need is either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
Bathquake, n.:
	The violent quake that rattles the entire house when the water
	faucet is turned on to a certain point.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
Terence, this is stupid stuff:
You eat your victuals fast enough;
There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear,
To see the rate you drink your beer.
But oh, good Lord, the verse you make,
It gives a chap the belly-ache.
The cow, the old cow, she is dead;
It sleeps well the horned head:
We poor lads, 'tis our turn now
To hear such tunes as killed the cow.
Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme
Your friends to death before their time.
Moping, melancholy mad:
Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
		-- A.E. Housman
I'd rather laugh with the sinners,
Than cry with the saints,
The sinners are much more fun!
		-- Billy Joel, "Only The Good Die Young"
C, n:
	A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like
	assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything
	else.  It is either the best language available to the art today, or
	it isn't.
		-- Ray Simard
Isn't this my STOP?!
"Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator."
		-- Claude Shouse

"Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist."
		-- Joseph C. Wang
How's it going in those MODULAR LOVE UNITS??
Oh give me your pity!
I'm on a committee,			We attend and amend
Which means that from morning		And contend and defend
	to night,			Without a conclusion in sight.

We confer and concur,
We defer and demur,			We revise the agenda
And reiterate all of our thoughts.	With frequent addenda
					And consider a load of reports.

We compose and propose,
We suppose and oppose,			But though various notions
And the points of procedure are fun;	Are brought up as motions,
					There's terribly little gets done.

We resolve and absolve;
But we never dissolve,
Since it's out of the question for us
To bring our committee
To end like this ditty,
Which stops with a period, thus.
		-- Leslie Lipson, "The Committee"
If I'd known computer science was going to be like this, I'd never have
given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
		-- G. Hirst
I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute --
where no Catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be Catholic)
how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishoners for whom
to vote--where no church or church school is granted any public funds or
political preference--and where no man is denied public office merely
because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or the
people who might elect him.
- from John F. Kennedy's address to the Greater Houston Ministerial Association
  September 12, 1960.
We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.
It's time to boot, do your boot ROMs know where your disk controllers are?
No problem is insoluble.
		-- Dr. Janet Wallace, "The Deadly Years", stardate 3479.4
Order and simplification are the first steps toward mastery of a subject
-- the actual enemy is the unknown.
		-- Thomas Mann
Al didn't smile for forty years.  You've got to admire a man like that.
		-- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.  I'm frightened
of the old ones.
		-- John Cage
The eyes of taxes are upon you.
Fast ship?  You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
		-- Han Solo
...Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an
inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.  Most notably I have
ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.  Well, I
haven't ignored it; I considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected it.
There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between 
prejudice and postjudice.  Prejudice is making a judgment before you have
looked at the facts.  Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.  Prejudice
is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious
mistakes.  Postjudice is not terrible.  You can't be perfect of course; you
may make mistakes also.  But it is permissible to make a judgment after you
have examined the evidence.  In some circles it is even encouraged.
- Carl Sagan, The Burden of Skepticism, Skeptical Enquirer, Vol. 12, pg. 46
Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized
that like most books, it had too many words.  The plot was the same one that
all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but
James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive
women.  There, that's it: 24 words.  But the guy who wrote the book took
*thousands* of words to say it.
	Or consider "The Brothers Karamazov", by the famous Russian alcoholic
Fyodor Dostoyevsky.  It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.  It's impossible to tell because
what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.  If all Russians talk
as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a
major world power.
	I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise
the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right
out and say: "Is there a God? It sure beats the heck out of me."
	Other famous works could easily have been summarized in a few words:

* "Moby Dick" -- Don't mess around with large whales because they symbolize
  nature and will kill you.
* "A Tale of Two Cities" -- French people are crazy.
		-- Dave Barry
-- All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
-- When there are visible vapors having the prevenience in ignited
	carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
-- Sorting on the part of mendicants must be interdicted.
-- A plethora of individuals wither expertise in culinary techniques vitiated
	the potable concoction produced by steeping certain coupestibles.
-- Eleemosynary deeds have their initial incidence intramurally.
-- Male cadavers are incapable of yielding testimony.
-- Individuals who make their abode in vitreous edifices would be well
	advised to refrain from catapulting projectiles.
	A circus foreman was making the rounds inspecting the big top when
a scrawny little man entered the tent and walked up to him.  "Are you the
foreman around here?" he asked timidly.  "I'd like to join your circus; I
have what I think is a pretty good act."
	The foreman nodded assent, whereupon the little man hurried over to
the main pole and rapidly climbed up to the very tip-top of the big top.
Drawing a deep breath, he hurled himself off into the air and began flapping
his arms furiously.  Amazingly, rather than plummeting to his death the little
man began to fly all around the poles, lines, trapezes and other obstacles,
performing astounding feats of aerobatics which ended in a long power dive
from the top of the tent, pulling up into a gentle feet-first landing beside
the foreman, who had been nonchalantly watching the whole time.
	"Well," puffed the little man.  "What do you think?"
	"That's all you do?" answered the foreman scornfully.  "Bird
imitations?"
"Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it." -- Alex Schure
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a
mountain top.
"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak
	For anything tougher than suet;
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak --
	Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,
	And argued each case with my wife;
And the muscular strength which it gave to my jaw,
	Has lasted the rest of my life."

"You are old," said the youth, "one would hardly suppose
	That your eye was as steady as ever;
Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose --
	What made you so awfully clever?"

"I have answered three questions, and that is enough,"
	Said his father.  "Don't give yourself airs!
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
	Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!"
This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.
"By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other
designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun."
-- P. J. Plauger, from his April Fool's column in April 88's "Computer Language"
For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.
Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of
	    Quantum Mechanics?
Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you?
Supervisee: Yes.
		-- Overheard at a supervision.
Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if
one went to Harvard).
		-- Edgar R. Fiedler
The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great height
but just above the ground.  It seems more designed to make people stumble
than to be walked upon.
		-- Franz Kafka
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
		-- Alexander Korda
Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
		-- Ogden Nash
Ambition, n:
	An overmastering desire to be vilified by enemies while
	living and made ridiculous by friends when dead.
		-- Ambrose Bierce
Q:	What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas?
A:	The impossible dream.
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
		-- F. Dostoyevski
You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a
kind word alone.
		-- Al Capone
		[Also attributed to Johnny Carson.  Ed.]
4.2 BSD UNIX #57: Sun Jun 1 23:02:07 EDT 1986

You swing at the Sun.  You miss.  The Sun swings.  He hits you with a
575MB disk!  You read the 575MB disk.  It is written in an alien
tongue and cannot be read by your tired Sun-2 eyes.  You throw the
575MB disk at the Sun.  You hit!  The Sun must repair your eyes.  The
Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your 130MB disk!  He has defeated the
130MB disk!  The Sun reads a scroll.  He hits your Ethernet board!  He
has defeated your Ethernet board!  You read a scroll of "postpone until
Monday at 9 AM".  Everything goes dark...
		-- /etc/motd, cbosgd
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
Not one hundred percent efficient, of course ... but nothing ever is.
		-- Kirk, "Metamorphosis", stardate 3219.8
	"No one talks peace unless he's ready to back it up with war."
	"He talks of peace if it is the only way to live."
		-- Colonel Green and Surak of Vulcan, "The Savage Curtain",
		   stardate 5906.5.
Finagle's Seventh Law:
	The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.
"I am your density."
  -- George McFly in "Back to the Future"
Upon the hearth the fire is red,
Beneath the roof there is a bed;
But not yet weary are our feet,
Still round the corner we may meet
A sudden tree or standing stone
That none have seen but we alone.	Still round the corner there may wait
  Tree and flower and leaf and grass,	A new road or a secret gate,
  Let them pass!  Let them pass!	And though we pass them by today
  Hill and water under sky,		Tomorrow we may come this way
  Pass them by!  Pass them by!		And take the hidden paths that run
					Towards the Moon or to the Sun,
Home is behind, the world ahead,	  Apple, thorn, and nut and sloe,
And there are many paths to tread	  Let them go!  Let them go!
Through shadows to the edge of night,	  Sand and stone and pool and dell,
Until the stars are all alight.		  Fare you well!  Fare you well!
Then world behind and home ahead,
We'll wander back to home and bed.
  Mist and twilight, cloud and shade,
  Away shall fade!  Away shall fade!
  Fire and lamp, and meat and bread,
  And then to bed!  And then to bed!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Some people pray for more than they are willing to work for.
I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern,
any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted.  Mythology
comes nearest to it of any.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
There are three schools of magic.  One:  State a tautology, then ring the
changes on its corollaries; that's philosophy.  Two:  Record many facts.
Try to find a pattern.  Then make a wrong guess at the next fact; that's
science.  Three:  Be aware that you live in a malevolent Universe controlled
by Murphy's Law, sometimes offset by Brewster's Factor; that's engineering.
Authors are easy to get on with -- if you're fond of children.
		-- Michael Joseph, "Observer"
Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.
The real reason psychology is hard is that psychologists are trying to
do the impossible.
The worst is enemy of the bad.
No one knows like a woman how to say things that are at once gentle and deep.
		-- Hugo
It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain
what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
		-- Roger Noe
How many Unix hacks does it take to change a light bulb?
   Let's see, can you use a shell script for that or does it need a C program?
X windows:
	It's not how slow you make it.  It's how you make it slow.
	The windowing system preferred by masochists 3 to 1.
	Built to take on the world... and lose!
	Don't try it 'til you've knocked it.
	Power tools for Power Fools.
	Putting new limits on productivity.
	The closer you look, the cruftier we look.
	Design by counterexample.
	A new level of software disintegration.
	No hardware is safe.
	Do your time.
	Rationalization, not realization.
	Old-world software cruftsmanship at its finest.
	Gratuitous incompatibility.
	Your mother.
	THE user interference management system.
	You can't argue with failure.
	You haven't died 'til you've used it.

The environment of today... tomorrow!
	X windows.
Only fools are quoted.
		-- Anonymous
	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire rainbow of
legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about it.  I
am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily sane.  But we
will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we consider his exterior
a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is being eaten alive by tinhorn
politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can do
for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his honor.
From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can be as easily
led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public relations, to joy as to
bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter Thompson's disease.  I don't
have it this morning.  It comes and goes.  This morning I don't have Hunter
Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut Jr., on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear and
		Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"
I thought my people would grow tired of killing.  But you were right,
they see it is easier than trading.  And it has its pleasures.  I feel
it myself.  Like the hunt, but with richer rewards.
		-- Apella, "A Private Little War", stardate 4211.8
Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
		-- Sidney Paternoster, "The Folly of the Wise"
Normal times may possibly be over forever.
Now I lay me back to sleep.
The speaker's dull; the subject's deep.
If he should stop before I wake,
Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
		-- Anonymous
Did you hear that there's a group of South American Indians that worship
the number zero?

Is nothing sacred?
Not one hundred percent efficient, of course ... but nothing ever is.
		-- Kirk, "Metamorphosis", stardate 3219.8
Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.
If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.
leverage, n.:
	Even if someone doesn't care what the world thinks
	about them, they always hope their mother doesn't find out.
character density, n.:
	The number of very weird people in the office.
	Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices.  No one else in
town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in?  I think
that's how dogs spend their lives.
		-- Sue Murphy
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
	"A penny for your thoughts?"
	"A dollar for your death."
		-- The Odd Couple
Bondage maybe, discipline never!
		-- T.K.
May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may
God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may
he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
One seldom sees a monument to a committee.
"If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far."
		-- Paul White
"On the Internet, no one knows you're using Windows NT"
(Submitted by Ramiro Estrugo, restrugo@fateware.com)
I was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all 
these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these 
kind of Fourth of July plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and
I wasn't tempted to buy one but I was reminded of the fact that I had been
avoiding the beach.
		-- Lucinda Childs "Einstein On The Beach"
Dull women have immaculate homes.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
		-- Charles de Gaulle
Windows NT Beer: Comes in 32-oz. cans, but you can only buy it by the 
truckload. This causes most people to have to go out and buy bigger 
refrigerators. The can looks just like Windows 3.1 Beer's, but the 
company promises to change the can to look just like Windows 95 Beer's --
after Windows 95 beer starts shipping. Touted as an "industrial strength" 
beer, and suggested only for use in bars.
Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
		-- Michel de Montaigne
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
		-- Woody Allen
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
snappy repartee:
	What you'd say if you had another chance.
"The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and
is an emerging underachiever."
With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.
"The Schizophrenic: An Unauthorized Autobiography"
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
Finagle's Third Law:
	In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
	beyond all need of checking, is the mistake

Corollaries:
	(1) Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
	(2) The first person who stops by, whose advice you really
	    don't want to hear, will see it immediately.
All bad precedents began as justifiable measures.
		-- Gaius Julius Caesar, quoted in "The Conspiracy of
		   Catiline", by Sallust
If I felt any more SOPHISTICATED I would DIE of EMBARRASSMENT!
We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the
bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster.  It seems
almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the
oyster.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
	Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property
of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane
complexities.  Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to
obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
	Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is
available to anyone.
		-- Tom Weller, "Science Made Stupid"
I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything
constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast
and drown myself in the noise.
		-- Charles Schmid, the "Tucson Murderer"
In the Old West a wagon train is crossing the plains.  As night falls the
wagon train forms a circle, and a campfire is lit in the middle.  After
everyone has gone to sleep two lone cavalry officers stand watch over the
camp.
	After several hours of quiet, they hear war drums starting from
a nearby Indian village they had passed during the day.  The drums get
louder and louder.
	Finally one soldier turns to the other and says, "I don't like
the sound of those drums."
	Suddenly, they hear a cry come from the Indian camp:  "IT'S
NOT OUR REGULAR DRUMMER."
Pohl's law:
	Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
A quarrel is quickly settled when deserted by one party; there is no battle
unless there be two.  -- Seneca
Lady, lady, should you meet
One whose ways are all discreet,
One who murmurs that his wife
Is the lodestar of his life,
One who keeps assuring you
That he never was untrue,
Never loved another one...
Lady, lady, better run!
		-- Dorothy Parker, "Social Note"
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
		-- Rich Kulawiec
Yes, but which self do you want to be?
Was my SOY LOAF left out in th'RAIN?  It tastes REAL GOOD!!
Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.
Rome was not built in one day.
		-- John Heywood
Never raise your hand to your children -- it leaves your midsection
unprotected.
		-- Robert Orben
The only reward of virtue is virtue.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Many a wife thinks her husband is the world's greatest lover.
But she can never catch him at it.
Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
		-- Bergan Evans
QOTD:
	Silence is the only virtue he has left.
Ho! Ho! Ho! to the bottle I go
To heal my heart and drown my woe.
Rain may fall and wind may blow,
And many miles be still to go,
But under a tall tree I will lie,
And let the clouds go sailing by.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
		-- Publilius Syrus
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature
replaces it with.
		-- Tennessee Williams
Rudin's Law:
	If there is a wrong way to do something, most people will
	do it every time.

Rudin's Second Law:
	In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative
	courses of action, people tend to choose the worst possible
	course.
panic: can't find /
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which
otherwise require harder thinking.
		-- Jerome Lettvin
Humor in the Court:
Q.  Doctor, did you say he was shot in the woods?
A.  No, I said he was shot in the lumbar region.
It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and
family.  But he can't make a living for them *and* his government, too,
the way his government is living.  What the government has got to do is
live as cheap as the people.
		-- The Best of Will Rogers
"Besides, I think [Slackware] sounds better than 'Microsoft,' don't you?"
(By Patrick Volkerding)
Isn't it ironic that many men spend a great part of their lives
avoiding marriage while single-mindedly pursuing those things that
would make them better prospects?
"Everyone's head is a cheap movie show."
-- Jeff G. Bone
You can't cheat the phone company.
Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself a therapy.
		-- Karl Kraus

Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.

Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
		-- C.G. Jung
One person's error is another person's data.
Miksch's Law:
	If a string has one end, then it has another end.
-- I have seen the FUN --
The law will never make men free; it is men who have got to make the law free.
		-- Henry David Thoreau
Absolutum obsoletum.  (If it works, it's out of date.)
		-- Stafford Beer
I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.
This "brain-damaged" epithet is getting sorely overworked.  When we can
speak of someone or something being flawed, impaired, marred, spoiled;
batty, bedlamite, bonkers, buggy, cracked, crazed, cuckoo, daft, demented,
deranged, loco, lunatic, mad, maniac, mindless, non compos mentis, nuts,
Reaganite, screwy, teched, unbalanced, unsound, witless, wrong;  senseless,
spastic, spasmodic, convulsive; doped, spaced-out, stoned, zonked;  {beef,
beetle,block,dung,thick}headed, dense, doltish, dull, duncical, numskulled,
pinhead;  asinine, fatuous, foolish, silly, simple;  brute, lumbering, oafish;
half-assed, incompetent; backward, retarded, imbecilic, moronic; when we have
a whole precisely nuanced vocabulary of intellectual abuse to draw upon,
individually and in combination, isn't it a little <fill in the blank> to be
limited to a single, now quite trite, adjective?
"Boy, life takes a long time to live."
		-- Steven Wright
If you resist reading what you disagree with, how will you ever acquire
deeper insights into what you believe?  The things most worth reading
are precisely those that challenge our convictions.
Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most important programming language
yet developed.
		-- T. Cheatham
	I managed to say, "Sorry," and no more.  I knew that he disliked
me to cry.
	This time he said, watching me, "On some occasions it is better
to weep."
	I put my head down on the table and sobbed, "If only she could come
back; I would be nice."
	Francis said, "You gave her great pleasure always."
	"Oh, not enough."
	"Nobody can give anybody enough."
	"Not ever?"
	"No, not ever.  But one must go on trying."
	"And doesn't one ever value people until they are gone?"
	"Rarely," said Francis.  I went on weeping; I saw how little I had
valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
		-- Pamela Frankau, "The Duchess and the Smugs"
gleemites, n.:
	Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
		-- "Sniglets", Rich Hall & Friends
Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than
being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
		-- Dolph Sharp, "I'm O.K., You're Not So Hot"
QOTD:
	I looked out my window, and saw Kyle Pettys' car upside down,
	then I thought 'One of us is in real trouble'.
		-- Davey Allison, on a 150 m.p.h. crash
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
Santa Claus is watching!
None of our men are "experts."  We have most unfortunately found it necessary
to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one 
ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job.  A man who knows a 
job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing 
forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient 
he is.  Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a 
state of mind in which nothing is impossible. The moment one gets into the
"expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
		-- From Henry Ford Sr., "My Life and Work"
Veni, Vidi, VISA:
	I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
Got a dictionary?  I want to know the meaning of life.
The Marines:
	The few, the proud, the dead on the beach.
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half
as good.  Luckily this is not difficult.
		-- Charlotte Whitton
A man may sometimes be forgiven the kiss to which he is not entitled,
but never the kiss he has not the initiative to claim.
The thrill is here, but it won't last long
You'd better have your fun before it moves along...
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Adam was but human--this explains it all.  He did not want the apple for the
apple's sake, he wanted it only because it was forbidden.  The mistake was in
not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Life is like a tin of sardines.  We're, all of us, looking for the key.
		-- Beyond the Fringe
Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
		-- John Cougar, "Jack and Diane"
Sally:	C'mon, Ted, all I'm asking you to do is share your feelings
	with me.
Ted:	ALL?  Do you realize what you're asking?  Men aren't trained
	to share.  We're trained to protect ourselves by not
	letting anyone too close.  Good grief, if I go around
	sharing everything with you, you could hang me out to dry.
Sally:	It's called "trust," Ted.
Ted:	"Sharing"?  "Trust"?  You're really asking me to sail into
	uncharted waters here.
		-- Sally Forth
Worst Month of the Year:
	February.  February has only 28 days in it, which means that if
	you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you
	don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
		-- Steve Rubenstein
Desist from enumerating your fowl prior to their emergence from the shell.
Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
		-- Shakespeare
Unix is a lot more complicated (than CP/M) of course -- the typical Unix
hacker can never remember what the PRINT command is called this week --
but when it gets right down to it, Unix is a glorified video game.
People don't do serious work on Unix systems; they send jokes around the
world on USENET or write adventure games and research papers.
		-- E. Post
		"Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal", Datamation, 7/83
May's Law:
	The quality of correlation is inversly proportional to the density
	of control.  (The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.)
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
		-- Evan Davis
Didn't I buy a 1951 Packard from you last March in Cairo?
No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
		-- E.W. Howe
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean.
		-- Albert Einstein
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
There are only two kinds of tequila.  Good and better.
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people
worry than work.
The best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive.
However, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours
by judging things by their price.
War isn't a good life, but it's life.
		-- Kirk, "A Private Little War", stardate 4211.8
"Yes, and I feel bad about rendering their useless carci into dogfood..."
-- Badger comics
I'm having a MID-WEEK CRISIS!
The bogosity meter just pegged.
You know what we can be like:  See a guy and think he's cute one minute, the
next minute our brains have us married with kids, the following minute we see
him having an extramarital affair.  By the time someone says "I'd like you to
meet Cecil," we shout, "You're late again with the child support!"
		-- Cynthia Heimel, "A Girl's Guide to Chaos"
The real problem with hunting elephants is carrying the decoys.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.
Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right
to use the editorial "we".
		-- Mark Twain
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#6

Bathrooms:
	A man has six items in his bathroom -- a toothbrush, toothpaste,
shaving cream, razor, a bar of Dial soap, and a towel from the Holiday Inn.
The average number of items in the typical woman's bathroom is 437.  A man
would not be able to identify most of these items.

Groceries:
	A woman makes a list of things she needs and then goes to the store
and buys these things.  A man waits 'til the only items left in his fridge
are half a lime and a Blue Ribbon.  Then he goes grocery shopping.  He buys
everything that looks good.  By the time a man reaches the checkout counter,
his cart is packed tighter that the Clampett's car on Beverly Hillbillies.
Of course, this will not stop him from entering the 10-items-or-less lane.
Minnesota --
	home of the blonde hair and blue ears.
	mosquito supplier to the free world.
	come fall in love with a loon.
	where visitors turn blue with envy.
	one day it's warm, the rest of the year it's cold.
	land of many cultures -- mostly throat.
	where the elite meet sleet.
	glove it or leave it.
	many are cold, but few are frozen.
	land of the ski and home of the crazed.
	land of 10,000 Petersons.
Chaos is King and Magic is loose in the world.
Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream...
-- 
-- uunet!sugar!karl  | "We've been following your progress with considerable 
-- karl@sugar.uu.net |  interest, not to say contempt."  -- Zaphod Beeblebrox IV
-- Usenet BBS (713) 438-5018



th-th-th-th-That's all, folks!

----------- cut here, don't forget to strip junk at the end, too -------------
"Psychoanalysis??  I thought this was a nude rap session!!!"
-- Zippy
This is the first numerical problem I ever did.  It demonstrates the
power of computers:

Enter lots of data on calorie & nutritive content of foods.  Instruct
the thing to maximize a function describing nutritive content, with a
minimum level of each component, for fixed caloric content.  The
results are that one should eat each day:

	1/2 chicken
	1 egg
	1 glass of skim milk
	27 heads of lettuce.
		-- Rev. Adrian Melott
Coach: How's it going, Norm?
Norm:  Daddy's rich and Momma's good lookin'.
		-- Cheers, Truce or Consequences

Sam:   What's up, Norm?
Norm:  My nipples.  It's freezing out there.
		-- Cheers, Coach Returns to Action

Coach: What's the story, Norm?
Norm:  Thirsty guy walks into a bar.  You finish it.
		-- Cheers, Endless Slumper
You will not be elected to public office this year.
Virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Denniston

Righteous people terrify me ... virtue is its own punishment.
		-- Aneurin Bevan
In Denver it is unlawful to lend your vacuum cleaner to your next-door neighbor.
Alliance:  In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their
hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately
plunder a third.
-- Ambrose Bierce
Several years ago, some smart businessmen had an idea: Why not build a big
store where a do-it-yourselfer could get everything he needed at reasonable
prices?  Then they decided, nah, the hell with that, let's build a home
center.  And before long home centers were springing up like crabgrass all
over the United States.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
I got this powdered water -- now I don't know what to add.
		-- Steven Wright
Noncombatant:  A dead Quaker.
-- Ambrose Bierce
I had a lease on an OEDIPUS COMPLEX back in '81 ...
Editing is a rewording activity.
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
		-- Theodore Sturgeon
Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
		-- Philippe Schnoebelen
The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
		-- Howard Anderson, "Yankee Group"
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
I think I'm schizophrenic.  One half of me's paranoid and the other half's
out to get him.
Adam was but human--this explains it all.  He did not want the apple for the
apple's sake, he wanted it only because it was forbidden.  The mistake was in
not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Planet Claire has pink hair.
All the trees are red.
No one ever dies there.
No one has a head....
Its name is Public Opinion.  It is held in reverence.  It settles everything.
Some think it is the voice of God.
		-- Mark Twain
Why are these athletic shoe salesmen following me??
It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.
When I met th'POPE back in '58, I scrubbed him with a MILD SOAP or
DETERGENT for 15 minutes.  He seemed to enjoy it ...
Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts, administrative
overhead continues to grow at a steady rate.
One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing
how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
		-- Professor Charles P. Issawi
Three Midwesterners, a Kansan, a Missourian and an Iowan,
all appearing on a quiz program, were asked to complete this sentence:
"Old MacDonald had a . . ."

	"Old MacDonald had a carburetor," answered the Kansan.
	"Sorry, that's wrong," the game show host said.
	"Old MacDonald had a free brake alignment down at the
		service station," said the Missourian.
	"Wrong."
	"Old MacDonald had a farm," said the Iowan.
	"CORRECT!" shouts the quizmaster.  "Now for $100,000, spell 'farm.'"
	"Easy," said the Iowan. "E-I-E-I-O."
Wit, n.:
	The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery
	... by leaving it out.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
She just came in, pounced around this thing with me for a few years, enjoyed
herself, gave it a sort of beautiful quality and left.  Excited a few men
in the meantime.
		-- Patrick Macnee, reminiscing on Diana Rigg's
		   involvement in "The Avengers".
Aphasia:
	Loss of speech in social scientists when asked
	at parties, "But of what use is your research?"
A is for Apple.
		-- Hester Pryne
Keep women you cannot.  Marry them and they come to hate the way you walk
across the room; remain their lover, and they jilt you at the end of six
months.
		-- Moore
The Least Successful Police Dogs
	America has a very strong candidate in "La Dur", a fearsome looking
schnauzer hound, who was retired from the Orlando police force in Florida
in 1978.  He consistently refused to do anything which might ruffle or
offend the criminal classes.
	His handling officer, Rick Grim, had to admit: "He just won't go up
and bite them.  I got sick and tired of doing that dog's work for him."
	The British contenders in this category, however, took things a
stage further.  "Laddie" and "Boy" were trained as detector dogs for drug
raids.  Their employment was terminated following a raid in the Midlands in
1967.
	While the investigating officer questioned two suspects, they
patted and stroked the dogs who eventually fell asleep in front of the
fire.  When the officer moved to arrest the suspects, one dog growled at
him while the other leapt up and bit his thigh.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
	-- John Naisbitt, Megatrends
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
		-- Lenny Bruce
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
		-- Lao Tsu
Money isn't everything -- but it's a long way ahead of what comes next.
		-- Sir Edmond Stockdale
The Commandments of the EE:

 (9)	Trifle thee not with radioactive tubes and substances lest thou
	commence to glow in the dark like a lightning bug, and thy wife be
	frustrated and have not further use for thee except for thy wages.
(10)	Commit thou to memory all the words of the prophets which are
	written down in thy Bible which is the National Electrical Code,
	and giveth out with the straight dope and consoleth thee when
	thou hast suffered a ream job by the chief electrician.
(11)	When thou muckest about with a device in an unthinking and/or
	unknowing manner, thou shalt keep one hand in thy pocket.  Better
	that thou shouldest keep both hands in thy pockets than
	experimentally determine the electrical potential of an
	innocent-seeming device.
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.
		-- actress Mary Pickford, 1925
standards, n.:
	The principles we use to reject other people's code.
A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as
"you could blow it in" may be blown in.  This rule does not apply if
the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants
to make a travesty of the game.
		-- Donald A. Metz
They went rushing down that freeway,
Messed around and got lost.
They didn't care... they were just dying to get off,
And it was life in the fast lane.
		-- Eagles, "Life in the Fast Lane"
Osborn's Law:
	Variables won't; constants aren't.
In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has
shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.  Therefore ... in the Old
Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred
thousand miles long ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.  ... There is
something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesome returns of
conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
		-- Mark Twain
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
Take your dying with some seriousness, however.  Laughing on the way to
your execution is not generally understood by less advanced life forms,
and they'll call you crazy.
		-- "Messiah's Handbook: Reminders for the Advanced Soul"
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
Clovis' Consideration of an Atmospheric Anomaly:
	The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated
	than by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere,
	bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
		-- James Baldwin, "Nobody Knows My Name"
I can't seem to bring myself to say, "Well, I guess I'll be toddling along."
It isn't that I can't toddle.  It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
		-- Robert Benchley
"A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging 
their prejudices."
-- William James
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
November, n.:
	The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
DOS Beer: Requires you to use your own can opener, and requires you to 
read the directions carefully before opening the can. Originally only 
came in an 8-oz. can, but now comes in a 16-oz. can. However, the can is 
divided into 8 compartments of 2 oz. each, which have to be accessed 
separately.  Soon to be discontinued, although a lot of people are going 
to keep drinking it after it's no longer available.
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
	Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right
to use the editorial "we".
		-- Mark Twain
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one,
an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
- Edmund Burke
Ever since I was a young boy,
I've hacked the ARPA net,
From Berkeley down to Rutgers,		He's on my favorite terminal,
Any access I could get,			He cats C right into foo,
But ain't seen nothing like him,	His disciples lead him in,
On any campus yet,			And he just breaks the root,
That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,		Always has full SYS-PRIV's,
Sure sends a mean packet.		Never uses lint,
					That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,
					Sure sends a mean packet.
He's a UNIX wizard,
There has to be a twist.
The UNIX wizard's got			Ain't got no distractions,
Unlimited space on disk.		Can't hear no whistles or bells,
How do you think he does it?		Can't see no message flashing,
I don't know.				Types by sense of smell,
What makes him so good?			Those crazy little programs,
					The proper bit flags set,
					That deaf, dumb, and blind kid,
					Sure sends a mean packet.
		-- UNIX Wizard
	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18: FIFTH

FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types
refer to quantity.  The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and
JIGGER to FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and
BLOTTO.  Commands refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY,
CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH, VODKA, SCOTCH, and WHATEVERSAROUND.

The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and
financial status of its users.  Commands in the ELITE dialect include
VSOP and LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH
and RIPPLE. The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers
who end up using this language.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
The universe is an island, surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds
universes.
Success is in the minds of Fools.
		-- William Wrenshaw, 1578
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland";
but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
You were s'posed to laugh!
Snacktrek, n.:
	The peculiar habit, when searching for a snack, of constantly
	returning to the refrigerator in hopes that something new will have
	materialized.
		-- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee.
		-- Snoopy
The Fastest Defeat In Chess
	The big name for us in the world of chess is Gibaud, a French chess
master.  
	In Paris during 1924 he was beaten after only four moves by a
Monsieur Lazard.  Happily for posterity, the moves are recorded and so
chess enthusiasts may reconstruct this magnificent collapse in the comfort
of their own homes.
	Lazard was black and Gibaud white:
	1: P-Q4, Kt-KB3
	2: Kt-Q2, P-K4
	3: PxP, Kt-Kt5
	4: P-K6, Kt-K6
	White then resigns on realizing that a fifth move would involve
either a Q-KR5 check or the loss of his queen.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
What is comedy?  Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making
them puke.
		-- Steve Martin
Brady's First Law of Problem Solving:
	When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more
	easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger
	have handled this?"
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
Having a wonderful wine, wish you were beer.
I think the world is run by C students.
		-- Al McGuire
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
Yow!  We're going to a new disco!
Violence stinks, no matter which end of it you're on.  But now and then
there's nothing left to do but hit the other person over the head with a
frying pan.  Sometimes people are just begging for that frypan, and if we
weaken for a moment and honor their request, we should regard it as
impulsive philanthropy, which we aren't in any position to afford, but
shouldn't regret it too loudly lest we spoil the purity of the deed.
		-- Tom Robbins
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
They use different words for things in America.
For instance they say elevator and we say lift.
They say drapes and we say curtains.
They say president and we say brain damaged git.
		-- Alexie Sayle
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
		-- Firesign Theatre
My favorite sandwich is peanut butter, baloney, cheddar cheese, lettuce
and mayonnaise on toasted bread with catsup on the side.
		-- Senator Hubert Humphrey
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
"When the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to treat everything as if
it were a nail."
-- Abraham Maslow
You can do this in a number of ways.  IBM chose to do all of them.
Why do you find that funny?
		-- D. Taylor, Computer Science 350
Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.
Did you know about the -o option of the fortune program?  It makes a
selection from a set of offensive and/or obscene fortunes.  Why not
try it, and see how offended you are?  The -a ("all") option will
select a fortune at random from either the offensive or inoffensive
set, and it is suggested that "fortune -a" is the command that you
should have in your .profile or .cshrc. file.
	Against his wishes, a math teacher's classroom was remodeled.  Ever
since, he's been talking about the good old dais.  His students planted a small
orchard in his honor; the trees all have square roots.
The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers, always end up on their ends
without any means.
		-- Saul Alinsky
Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
		-- Oscar Wilde
Research, n.:
	Consider Columbus:
	He didn't know where he was going.
	When he got there he didn't know where he was.
	When he got back he didn't know where he had been.
	And he did it all on someone else's money.
Serenity through viciousness.
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
		-- Mark Twain
To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block,
and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly.  It was
agreeable, too -- it really was -- to see him cut it off, so smooth and juicy.
There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen;
it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of
tone, skilful handling of the subject, fine shading.  It was the triumph of
mind over matter; quite.
		-- Dickens, "Martin Chuzzlewit"
Predestination was doomed from the start.
        [May one] doubt whether, in cheese and timber, worms are generated,
        or, if beetles and wasps, in cow-dung, or if butterflies, locusts,
        shellfish, snails, eels, and such life be procreated of putrefied
        matter, which is to receive the form of that creature to which it
        is by formative power disposed[?]  To question this is to question
        reason, sense, and experience.  If he doubts this, let him go to
        Egypt, and there he will find the fields swarming with mice begot
        of the mud of the Nylus, to the great calamity of the inhabitants.
                A seventeenth century opinion quoted by L. L. Woodruff,
                in *The Evolution of Earth and Man*, 1929
Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
		-- Wheeler
Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.
I'm DESPONDENT ... I hope there's something DEEP-FRIED under this
miniature DOMED STADIUM ...
He who slings mud generally loses ground.
		-- Adlai Stevenson
Don't let your status become too quo!
Male, n.:
	A member of the unconsidered, or negligible sex.  The male of the
	human race is commonly known to the female as Mere Man.  The genus
	has two varieties:  good providers and bad providers.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Mene, mene, tekel, upharsen.
There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have
no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms.  If they recalled
every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become
insupportable.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut
learning curve, n.:
	An astonishing new theory, discovered by management consultants
	in the 1970's, asserting that the more you do something the
	quicker you can do it.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
		-- Albert Camus
Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.
Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature,
An endothermic quadroped, carnivorous by nature.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses
Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations,
A singular development of cat communications
That obviates your basic hedonistic predelection
For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents:
You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance;
And when not being utilitized to aid in locomotion,
It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display
Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
And though you are not sentient, Spot, and do not comprehend,
I nonetheless consider you a true and valued friend.
	-- Lt. Cmdr. Data, "An Ode to Spot"
Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.
Death comes on every passing breeze,
He lurks in every flower;
Each season has its own disease,
Its peril -- every hour.
	--Reginald Heber
If you want to read about love and marriage you've got to buy two separate
books.
		-- Alan King
I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
		-- Bette Davis, "Cabin in the Cotton"
clairvoyant, n.:
	A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that
	which is invisible to her patron -- namely, that he is a blockhead.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
		-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
When you're down and out, lift up your voice and shout, "I'M DOWN AND OUT"!
You will gain money by an immoral action.
He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage -- he won't
encounter many rivals.
		-- Georg Lichtenberg, "Aphorisms"
Don't get even -- get odd!
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition.
We are sorry.  We cannot complete your call as dialed.  Please check
the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.

This is a recording.
My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
		-- Crazy Jimmy
Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies,
Shy little angels as gentle as puppies,
Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish,
They were just some of my tropical fish.

Then I got mantas that sting in the water,
Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter,
Savage male betas that bite with a squish,
Now I have many less tropical fish.

	If you think that
	Fish are peaceful
	That's an empty wish.
	Just dump them together
	And leave them alone,
	And soon you will have -- no fish.
		-- To My Favorite Things
I remember once being on a station platform in Cleveland at four in the
morning.  A black porter was carrying my bags, and as we were waiting for
the train to come in, he said to me: "Excuse me, Mr. Cooke, I don't want to
invade your privacy, but I have a bet with a friend of mine.  Who composed
the opening theme music of 'Omnibus'?  My friend said Virgil Thomson."  I
asked him, "What do you say?" He replied, "I say Aaron Copeland." I said,
"You're right."  The porter said,  "I knew Thomson doesn't write counterpoint
that way."  I told that to a network president, and he was deeply unimpressed.
		-- Alistair Cooke
The boy stood on the burning deck,
Eating peanuts by the peck.
His father called him, but he could not go,
For he loved those peanuts so.
Am I accompanied by a PARENT or GUARDIAN?
Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.
Please stand for the National Anthem:

	Australians all, let us rejoice,
	For we are young and free.
	We've golden soil and wealth for toil
	Our home is girt by sea.
	Our land abounds in nature's gifts
	Of beauty rich and rare.
	In history's page, let every stage
	Advance Australia Fair.
	In joyful strains then let us sing,
	Advance Australia Fair.

Thank you.  You may resume your seat.
The Seventh Edition licensing procedures are, I suppose, still in effect, 
though I doubt that tapes are available from AT&T.  At any rate, whatever 
restrictions the license imposes still exist.  These restrictions were and 
are reasonable for places that just want to run the system, but don't allow 
many of the things that Minix was written for, like study of the source in 
classes, or by individuals not in a university or company.

I've always thought that Minix was a fine idea, and competently done.

As for the size of v7, wc -l /usr/sys/*/*.[chs] is 19271.

-- Dennis Ritchie, 1989
Onward through the fog.
When the saleman's car broke down, he walked to the nearest farmhouse to ask
if he could stay the night.  The farmer agreed to put him up.  "I live alone,"
he continued, "you can have the bedroom at the top of the stairs, to the
right."
	"Oh, never mind," the disappointed salesman said. "I think I'm in
the wrong joke."
Batteries not included.
Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
		-- Lao Tsu
Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to
examine the laws of heat.
		-- Christopher Morley
You will gain money by an immoral action.
Q:	How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
A:	Four.  Two in the front, two in the back.

Q:	How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a footprint in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's two footprints in the mayo.

Q:	How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	The door won't shut.

Q:	How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
A:	There's a VW Bug in your driveway.
Harrison's Postulate:
	For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
Neutrinos have bad breadth.
Other women cloy
The appetites they feed, but she makes hungry
Where most she satisfies.
		-- Antony and Cleopatra
Symptom:		Floor blurred.
Fault:			You are looking through bottom of empty glass.
Action Required:	Find someone who will buy you another beer.

Symptom:		Floor moving.
Fault:			You are being carried out.
Action Required:	Find out if you are taken to another bar.  If not,
			complain loudly that you are being kidnapped.
		-- Bar Troubleshooting
You will find me drinking gin
In the lowest kind of inn,
Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
		-- G.K. Chesterton
The trouble with you
Is the trouble with me.
Got two good eyes
But we still don't see.
		-- Robert Hunter, "Workingman's Dead"
When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not to
make a decision.
Fortune's nomination for All-Time Champion and Protector of Youthful
Morals goes to Representative Clare E. Hoffman of Michigan.  During an
impassioned House debate over a proposed bill to "expand oyster and
clam research," a sharp-eared informant transcribed the following
exchange between our hero and Rep. John D. Dingell, also of Michigan.

DINGELL: There are places in the world at the present time where we are
	 having to artificially propagate oysters and clams.
HOFFMAN: You mean the oysters I buy are not nature's oysters?
DINGELL: They may or may not be natural.  The simple fact of the matter
	 is that female oysters through their living habits cast out
	 large amounts of seed and the male oysters cast out large
	 amounts of fertilization ...
HOFFMAN: Wait a minute!  I do not want to go into that.  There are many
	 teenagers who read The Congressional Record.
Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.
Pushing 30 is exercise enough.
backups: always in season, never out of style.
	On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick
tomatoes.  Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August
they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks.  So I picked up one and threw
it at a crab apple tree, where it made a good *splat*, and then threw a tomato
at my brother.  He whipped one back at me.  We ducked down by the vines,
heaving tomatoes at each other.  My sister, who was a good person, said,
"You're going to get it."  She bent over and kept on picking.
	What a target!  She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over,
she looked like the side of a barn.
	I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground.  It looked like it
had sat there a week.  The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it,
and it was very juicy.  I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup,
when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice.  I had
to decide quickly.  I decided.
	A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat
man doing a belly-flop.  With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after
faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain
me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice.  And my sister, who was a
good person, obeyed and let go -- and burst into tears.  I guess she knew that
the pleasure of obedience is pretty thin compared with the pleasure of hearing
a rotten tomato hit someone in the rear end.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"
Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is
wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits
that unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant?
Is it not a spectacle to make the angels laugh?  We are a company of
ignorant beings, feeling our way through mists and darkness, learning only
be incessantly repeated blunders, obtaining a glimmering of truth by
falling into every conceivable error, dimly discerning light enough for 
our daily needs, but hopelessly differing whenever we attempt to describe
the ultimate origin or end of our paths; and yet, when one of us ventures
to declare that we don't know the map of the universe as well as the map
of our infintesimal parish, he is hooted, reviled, and perhaps told that
he will be damned to all eternity for his faithlessness...
- Leslie Stephen, "An agnostic's Apology", Fortnightly Review, 1876
We totally deny the allegations, and we're trying to identify the allegators.
"It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underware."
-- Norm, from _Cheers_
African violet:		Such worth is rare
Apple blossom:		Preference
Bachelor's button:	Celibacy
Bay leaf:		I change but in death
Camelia:		Reflected loveliness
Chrysanthemum, red:	I love
Chrysanthemum, white:	Truth
Chrysanthemum, other:	Slighted love
Clover:			Be mine
Crocus:			Abuse not
Daffodil:		Innocence
Forget-me-not:		True love
Fuchsia:		Fast
Gardenia:		Secret, untold love
Honeysuckle:		Bonds of love
Ivy:			Friendship, fidelity, marriage
Jasmine:		Amiablity, transports of joy, sensuality
Leaves (dead):		Melancholy
Lilac:			Youthful innocence
Lilly:			Purity, sweetness
Lilly of the valley:	Return of happiness
Magnolia:		Dignity, perseverance
	* An upside-down blossom reverses the meaning.
Beggars should be no choosers.
		-- John Heywood
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
		-- Shakespeare
I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20
years ago.  When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors
would eventually be in the millions, someone else said, "Where are they
all going to go? It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!"

Years later, I went back to the same hotel.  I noticed the room keys had
been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors.

There was a computer in every doorknob.
	-- Danny Hillis
In those days he was wiser than he is now -- he used to frequently take
my advice.
		-- Winston Churchill
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
Where's SANDY DUNCAN?
This is Betty Frenel.  I don't know who to call but I can't reach my
Food-a-holics partner.  I'm at Vido's on my second pizza with sausage
and mushroom.  Jim, come and get me!
Never kick a man, unless he's down.
Providence, New Jersey, is one of the few cities where Velveeta cheese
appears on the gourmet shelf.
Some of you ... may have decided that, this year, you're going to celebrate
it the old-fashioned way, with your family sitting around stringing
cranberries and exchanging humble, handmade gifts, like on "The Waltons".
Well, you can forget it.  If everybody pulled that kind of subversive stunt,
the economy would collapse overnight.  The government would have to
intervene: it would form a cabinet-level Department of Holiday Gift-Giving,
which would spend billions and billions of tax dollars to buy Barbie dolls
and electronic games, which it would drop on the populace from Air Force
jets, killing and maiming thousands.  So, for the good of the nation, you
should go along with the Holiday Program.  This means you should get a large
sum of money and go to a mall.
		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"
What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
		-- Aristotle
A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
		-- Stanislaw Lem
But what can you do with it?  -- ubiquitous cry from Linux-user partner.
(Submitted by Andy Pearce, ajp@hpopd.pwd.hp.com)
"Trust me.  I know what I'm doing."
-- Sledge Hammer
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves
up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
		-- Winston Churchill
Test-tube babies shouldn't throw stones.
Antonym, n.:
	The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.
There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have
no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms.  If they recalled
every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become
insupportable.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut
Have you seen the old man in the closed down market,
Kicking up the papers in his worn out shoes?
In his eyes you see no pride, hands hang loosely at his side
Yesterdays papers, telling yesterdays news.

How can you tell me you're lonely,
And say for you the sun don't shine?
Let me take you by the hand
Lead you through the streets of London
I'll show you something to make you change your mind...

Have you seen the old man outside the sea-man's mission
Memories fading like the metal ribbons that he wears.
In our winter city the rain cries a little pity
For one more forgotten hero and a world that doesn't care...
The Worst Bank Robbery
	In August 1975 three men were on their way in to rob the Royal Bank of
Scotland at Rothesay, when they got stuck in the revolving doors.  They
had to be helped free by the staff and, after thanking everyone,
sheepishly left the building.
	A few minutes later they returned and announced their intention of
robbing the bank, but none of the staff believed them.  When they demanded
5,000 pounds in cash, the head cashier laughed at them, convinced that it
was a practical joke.
	Then one of the men jumped over the counter, but fell to the floor
clutching his ankle.  The other two tried to make their getaway, but got
trapped in the revolving doors again.
Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.
6 oz. orange juice
1 oz. vodka
1/2 oz. Galliano
		Harvey Wallbangers
Th' MIND is the Pizza Palace of th' SOUL
"Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy
of him that brought her birth."
-- Milton
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
		-- Bill Hoest
As President I have to go vacuum my coin collection!
Some people say a front-engine car handles best.  Some people say a
rear-engine car handles best.  I say a rented car handles best.
		-- P.J. O'Rourke
I feel sorry for your brain... all alone in that great big head...
Are you a parent?  Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to
say in those awkward situations?  Worry no more...

	Good children always obey.
	Quit acting so childish.
	Boys don't cry.
	If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
	Why do you have to know so much?
	This hurts me more than it hurts you.
	Why?  Because I'm bigger than you.
	Well, you've ruined everything.  Now are you happy?
	Oh, grow up.
	I'm only doing this because I love you.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
Never play pool with anyone named "Fats".
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
Majority, n.:
	That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
If you are what you eat, does that mean Euell Gibbons really was a nut?
If you float on instinct alone, how can you calculate the buoyancy for
the computed load?
		-- Christopher Hodder-Williams
Q:	Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
A:	Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and
add ten percent.
	A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three
days old.  He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.
If it's working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
If it's not working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
- A proposed addition to rules for realtime programming
Mother Earth is not flat!
Morton's Law:
	If rats are experimented upon, they will develop cancer.
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is
not hereditary.
		-- Thomas Paine
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Hello, GORRY-O!!  I'm a GENIUS from HARVARD!!
Bower's Law:
	Talent goes where the action is.
Kington's Law of Perforation:
	If a straight line of holes is made in a piece of paper, such
	as a sheet of stamps or a check, that line becomes the strongest
	part of the paper.
"Thirty days hath Septober,
April, June, and no wonder.
all the rest have peanut butter
except my father who wears red suspenders."
Bug, n.:
	An aspect of a computer program which exists because the
	programmer was thinking about Jumbo Jacks or stock options when s/he
	wrote the program.

Fortunately, the second-to-last bug has just been fixed.
		-- Ray Simard
A prohibitionist is the sort of man one wouldn't care to drink with
-- even if he drank.
		-- H.L. Mencken
You can tell how far we have to go, when FORTRAN is the language of
supercomputers.
		-- Steven Feiner
A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed
on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new
game.  Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the
pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly
along it at the water's edge.  Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their
heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn
around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite
direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.  Then, the
paper reports "The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin
colony and overfly it.  Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins
fall over gently onto their backs.
		-- Audobon Society Magazine
With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand
miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules, and
still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no
such thing as progress.
		-- Ransom K. Ferm
Rules for Writers:
	Avoid run-on sentences they are hard to read.  Don't use no double
negatives.  Use the semicolon properly, always use it where it is appropriate;
and never where it isn't.  Reserve the apostrophe for it's proper use and
omit it when its not needed.  No sentence fragments. Avoid commas, that are
unnecessary.  Eschew dialect, irregardless.  And don't start a sentence with
a conjunction.  Hyphenate between sy-llables and avoid un-necessary hyphens.
Write all adverbial forms correct.  Don't use contractions in formal writing.
Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided.  It is incumbent on
us to avoid archaisms.  Steer clear of incorrect forms of verbs that have
snuck in the language.  Never, ever use repetitive redundancies.  If I've
told you once, I've told you a thousand times, resist hyperbole.  Also,
avoid awkward or affected alliteration.  Don't string too many prepositional
phrases together unless you are walking through the valley of the shadow of
death.  "Avoid overuse of 'quotation "marks."'"
You're at the end of the road again.
The Moral Majority is neither.
The happiest time of a person's life is after his first divorce.
		-- J.K. Galbraith 
There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
		-- Helen Rowland
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
Delusions are often functional. A mother's opinions about her children's
beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam, keep her from drowning
them at birth.
"For the love of phlegm...a stupid wall of death rays.  How tacky can ya get?"
- Post Brothers comics
Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity.  The servant said
"My master is out."  Nasrudin replied, "Tell your master that next time he
goes out, he should not leave his face at the window.  Someone might steal it."
It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live
at all.  And often enough our faith beforehand in an uncertified result
is the only thing that makes the result come true.
		-- William James
"Anyone can say 'no'. It is the first word a child learns and often the
first word he speaks. It is a cheap word because it requires no
explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for
intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of
thought on every occasion."
                -- Chuck Jones (Warner Bros. animation director.)
You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!
I'm GLAD I remembered to XEROX all my UNDERSHIRTS!!
Before you ask more questions, think about whether you really want to
know the answers.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Claw of the Conciliator"
Don't panic.
algorithm, n.:
	Trendy dance for hip programmers.
"Today's robots are very primitive, capable of understanding only a few
 simple instructions such as 'go left', 'go right', and 'build car'."
 --John Sladek
"Linux poses a real challenge for those with a taste for late-night
hacking (and/or conversations with God)."
(By Matt Welsh)
I know engineers.  They love to change things.
- Dr. McCoy
Dear Emily:
	I saw a long article that I wish to rebut carefully, what should
I do?
		-- Angry

Dear Angry:
	Include the entire text with your article, and include your comments
between the lines.  Be sure to post, and not mail, even though your article
looks like a reply to the original.  Everybody *loves* to read those long
point-by-point debates, especially when they evolve into name-calling and
lots of "Is too!" -- "Is not!" -- "Is too, twizot!" exchanges.
		-- Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
perfect guest:
	One who makes his host feel at home.
Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.
"Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it
weren't for other people"
		-- Blore
How many Unix hacks does it take to change a light bulb?
   Let's see, can you use a shell script for that or does it need a C program?
Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy.
		-- Publilius Syrus
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
		-- e.e. cummings
Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.
If all else fails, lower your standards.
"Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain."
-- Karl, as he stepped behind the computer to reboot it, during a FAT
To get something clean, one has to get something dirty.
To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.
"There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum."
--Arthur C. Clarke
Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
		-- John Keats
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
		-- Groucho Marx
Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.  But while this simplistic
formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the scientific
mind.  The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact wholly unconcerned
with what ____does exist.  Indeed, the banality of existence has been
so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to discuss it any further
here.  The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the problem analytically,
discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the mythical, the chimerical,
and the purely hypothetical.  They were all, one might say, nonexistent,
but each nonexisted in an entirely different way ...
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your Mouth with the Force of a
Thousand Caramels.
...Saure really turns out to be an adept at the difficult art of papryomancy,
the ability to prophesy through contemplating the way people roll reefers -
the shape, the licking pattern, the wrinkles and folds or absence thereof
in the paper.  "You will soon be in love," sez Saure, "see, this line here."
"It's long, isn't it?  Does that mean --" "Length is usually intensity.
Not time."
-- Thomas Pynchon, _Gravity's Rainbow_
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of
work to do.
		-- Jerome Klapka Jerome
Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
Snoopy: No problem is so big that it can't be run away from.
Individualists unite!
Human resources are human first, and resources second.
		-- J. Garbers
===  ALL USERS PLEASE NOTE  ========================

Bug reports now amount to an average of 12,853 per day.  Unfortunately,
this is only a small fraction [ < 1% ] of the mail volume we receive.  In
order that we may more expeditiously deal with these valuable messages,
please communicate them by one of the following paths:

	ARPA:  WastebasketSLMHQ.ARPA
	UUCP:  [berkeley, seismo, harpo]!fubar!thekid!slmhq!wastebasket
 	Non-network sites:  Federal Express to:
		Wastebasket
		Room NE43-926
		Copernicus, The Moon, 12345-6789
	For that personal contact feeling call 1-415-642-4948; our trained
	operators are on call 24 hours a day.  VISA/MC accepted.*

* Our very rich lawyers have assured us that we are not 
  responsible for any errors or advice given over the phone.
Unknown person(s) stole the American flag from its pole in Etra Park sometime
between 3pm Jan 17 and 11:30 am Jan 20.  The flag is described as red, white
and blue, having 50 stars and was valued at $40.
		-- Windsor-Heights Herald "Police Blotter", Jan 28, 1987
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
	Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
Sometimes a man will tell his bartender things he'll never tell his doctor.
		-- Dr. Phillip Boyce, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage"),
		   stardate unknown.
It is fruitless:
	to become lachrymose over precipitately departed lactate fluid.

	to attempt to indoctrinate a superannuated canine with
	innovative maneuvers.
Voodoo Programming:  Things programmers do that they know shouldn't work but
they try anyway, and which sometimes actually work, such as recompiling
everything.
-- Karl Lehenbauer
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
There's something the technicians need to learn from the artists.
If it isn't aesthetically pleasing, it's probably wrong.
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
Never argue with a woman when she's tired -- or rested.
Authentic:
	Indubitably true, in somebody's opinion.
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for
freedom and liberty.
		-- Henrik Ibsen
I have a hard time being attracted to anyone who can beat me up.
		-- John McGrath, Atlanta sportswriter, on women weightlifters.
When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.
Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
		-- Quintus Horatius Flaccus (Horace)
An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
		-- Michael Korda
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.  Teach a man to fish,
and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
		-- Calvin Keegan
When you and I are far apart
Can sorrow break your tender heart?
I love you darling, yes I do;
Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you;
All you are is a blossoming rose.
Night is here so I must close.
With care read the first word of each line.
You will find a question of mine.
		-- Yours hopefully, The VAX.
"Buy land.  They've stopped making it."
-- Mark Twain
A pretty foot is one of the greatest gifts of nature... please send me your
last pair of shoes, already worn out in dancing... so I can have something
of yours to press against my heart.
		-- Goethe
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
		-- Mae West
I think...  I think it's in my basement... Let me go upstairs and check.
		-- Escher
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
		-- Totie Fields
	"And we heard him exclaim
	 As he started to roam:
	 `I'm a hologram, kids,
	  please don't try this at home!'"
	-- Bob Violence
-- Howie Chaykin's little animated 3-dimensional darling, Bob Violence
Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
		-- Ralph Lewin
The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.
Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!
The Law of the Letter:
	The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.
There *__is* intelligent life on Earth, but I leave for Texas on Monday.
Keep in mind always the four constant Laws of Frisbee:
	(1) The most powerful force in the world is that of a disc
	   straining to land under a car, just out of reach (this
	   force is technically termed "car suck").
	(2) Never precede any maneuver by a comment more predictive
	   than "Watch this!"
	(3) The probability of a Frisbee hitting something is directly
	   proportional to the cost of hitting it.  For instance, a
	   Frisbee will always head directly towards a policeman or
	   a little old lady rather than the beat up Chevy.
	(4) Your best throw happens when no one is watching; when the
	   cute girl you've been trying to impress is watching, the
	   Frisbee will invariably bounce out of your hand or hit you
	   in the head and knock you silly.
"I have a friend who just got back from the Soviet Union, and told me the people
there are hungry for information about the West.  He was asked about many 
things, but I will give you two examples that are very revealing about life in
the Soviet Union.  The first question he was asked was if we had exploding
television sets.  You see, they have a problem with the picture tubes on color
television sets, and many are exploding.  They assumed we must be having 
problems with them too.  The other question he was asked often was why the
CIA had killed Samantha Smith, the little girl who visited the Soviet Union a
few years ago; their propaganda is very effective.
-- Victor Belenko, MiG-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976
   "Defense Electronics", Vol 20, No. 6, pg. 100
Murphy's Law is recursive.  Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to
any question.
		-- Spock, "This Side of Paradise", stardate 3417.3
A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.
"If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem."
		-- C. Durance, Computer Science 234
One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with
Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just
to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't
be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending
to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't understand
hat was going on, and really being genuinely stupid.  He was reknowned for 
being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the time, which
obviously worried him, hence the act.  He preferred people to be puzzled
rather than contemptuous.  This above all appeared to Trillian to be
genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
-- Douglas Adams, _The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy_
The relative importance of files depends on their cost in terms of the
human effort needed to regenerate them.
		-- T.A. Dolotta
intoxicated, adj.:
	When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.
Madison's Inquiry:
	If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?
"If you can't debate me, then there is no way in hell you'll out-insult me."
-- Scott Legrand (Scott.Legrand@hogbbs.Fidonet.Org)

"You may be wrong here, little one."
-- R. W. F. Clark (RWC102@PSUVM)
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them
continues to pay for it.
		-- Peggy Joyce
	"It's hard to believe that something which is neither seen nor felt can
do so much harm."
	"That's true.  But an idea can't be seen or felt.  And that's what kept
the Troglytes in the mines all these centuries.  A mistaken idea."
		-- Vanna and Kirk, "The Cloud Minders", stardate 5819.0
A person is just about as big as the things that make them angry.
Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.
... Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and legally ... 
impeccable!
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted;
persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting
to find a plot in it will be shot.  By Order of the Author
		-- Mark Twain, "Tom Sawyer"
The British are coming!  The British are coming!
QOTD:
	"It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing."
You look like a million dollars.  All green and wrinkled.
Humor in the Court:
Q: What is your relationship with the plaintiff?
A: She is my daughter.
Q: Was she your daughter on February 13, 1979?
Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is liked getting kicked
out of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
		-- Melvin Belli on the occcasion of his getting kicked out
		   of the American Bar Association
scenario, n.:
	An imagined sequence of events that provides the context in
	which a business decision is made.  Scenarios always come in
	sets of three: best case, worst case, and just in case.
A watched clock never boils.
A man always needs to remember one thing about a beautiful woman.

Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.
For every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong.
-- H. L. Mencken
	Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire rainbow of
legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better than he does.
	As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about it.  I
am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily sane.  But we
will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we consider his exterior
a sort of Dorian Gray facade.  Inwardly, he is being eaten alive by tinhorn
politicians.
	The disease is fatal.  There is no known cure.  The most we can do
for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his honor.
From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can be as easily
led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public relations, to joy as to
bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter Thompson's disease.  I don't
have it this morning.  It comes and goes.  This morning I don't have Hunter
Thompson's disease.
		-- Kurt Vonnegut Jr., on Dr. Hunter S. Thompson: Excerpt
		from "A Political Disease", Vonnegut's review of "Fear and
		Loathing: On the Campaign Trail '72"
Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
		-- Muad'dib [Frank Herbert, "Dune"]
No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.
"They know your name, address, telephone number, credit card numbers, who ELSE
is driving the car "for insurance", ...  your driver's license number. In the
state of Massachusetts, this is the same number as that used for Social
Security, unless you object to such use. In THAT case, you are ASSIGNED a
number and you reside forever more on the list of "weird people who don't give
out their Social Security Number in Massachusetts."
-- Arthur Miller
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
		-- Herbert Hoover
A method of solution is perfect if we can forsee from the start,
and even prove, that following that method we shall attain our aim.
		-- Leibnitz
Do, or do not; there is no try.
Hiccuping & trembling into the WASTE DUMPS of New Jersey like some
drunken CABBAGE PATCH DOLL, coughing in line at FIORUCCI'S!!
The Worst Jury
	A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when
one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the
remotest clue what was happening.
	The judge, Mr. Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any
evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
	The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second
juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.  A fluent French
speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he
was hearing a murder trial.
	The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered
from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language
and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
	The judge ordered a retrial.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
For if there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in
despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the
implacable grandeur of this life.
		-- Albert Camus
Finally, Zippy drives his 1958 RAMBLER METROPOLITAN into the faculty
dining room.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the
future.
Come, landlord, fill the flowing bowl until it does run over,
Tonight we will all merry be -- tomorrow we'll get sober.
		-- John Fletcher, "The Bloody Brother", II, 2
I BET WHAT HAPPENED was they discovered fire and invented the wheel on
the same day.  Then that night, they burned the wheel.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.
Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
And he laughing said to me:
"Pipe a song about a Lamb!"
So I piped with merry cheer.
"Piper, pipe that song again;"
So I piped: he wept to hear.
		-- William Blake, "Songs of Innocence"
Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw.
Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore.
Seems I'm not alone in being alone.
Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.
		-- The Police, "Message in a Bottle"
Hey! Come derry dol!  Hop along, my hearties!
Hobbits!  Ponies all!  We are fond of parties.
Now let the fun begin!  Let us sing together!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
The only problem with being a man of leisure is that you can never stop
and take a rest.
I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must be just a few
simple heuristics you have to remember...

Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.
Knucklehead:	"Knock, knock"
Pee Wee:	"Who's there?"
Knucklehead:	"Little ol' lady."
Pee Wee:	"Liddle ol' lady who?"
Knucklehead:	"I didn't know you could yodel"
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
The Abrams' Principle:
	The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
QOTD:
	"I tried buying a goat instead of a lawn tractor; had to return
	it though.  Couldn't figure out a way to connect the snow blower."
Support your right to arm bears!!
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be
always old-fashioned.
Prizes are for children.
		-- Charles Ives, upon being given, but refusing, the
		   Pulitzer prize
divorce, n:
	A change of wife.
Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
She scissored short.  Sorely shorn,
Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed,
Silently scheming,
Sightlessly seeking
Some savage, spectacular suicide.
		-- Stanislaw Lem, "Cyberiad"
Magpie, n.:
	A bird whose theivish disposition suggested to someone that it
	might be taught to talk.
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
He who laughs last usually had to have joke explained.
An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
learning curve, n.:
	An astonishing new theory, discovered by management consultants
	in the 1970's, asserting that the more you do something the
	quicker you can do it.
Fast, cheap, good: pick two.
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.  Quit work and play
for once!
So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as
large as it needs to be?
Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
Periphrasis is the putting of things in a round-about way.  "The cost may be
upwards of a figure rather below 10m#." is a periphrasis for The cost may be
nearly 10m#.  "In Paris there reigns a complete absence of really reliable
news" is a periphrasis for There is no reliable news in Paris.  "Rarely does
the 'Little Summer' linger until November, but at times its stay has been
prolonged until quite late in the year's penultimate month" contains a
periphrasis for November, and another for lingers.  "The answer is in the
negative" is a periphrasis for No.  "Was made the recipient of" is a
periphrasis for Was presented with.  The periphrasis style is hardly possible
on any considerable scale without much use of abstract nouns such as "basis,
case, character, connexion, dearth, description, duration, framework, lack,
nature, reference, regard, respect".  The existence of abstract nouns is a
proof that abstract thought has occurred; abstract thought is a mark of
civilized man; and so it has come about that periphrasis and civilization are
by many held to be inseparable.  These good people feel that there is an almost
indecent nakedness, a reversion to barbarism, in saying No news is good news
instead of "The absence of intelligence is an indication of satisfactory
developments."
		-- Fowler's English Usage
A Thaum is the basic unit of magical strength.  It has been universally
established as the amount of magic needed to create one small white pigeon
or three normal sized billiard balls.
		-- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
"The triumph of libertarian anarchy is nearly (in historical terms) at
hand... *if* we can keep the Left from selling us into slavery and the
Right from blowing us up for, say, the next twenty years."
-- Eric Rayman, usenet guy, about nanotechnology
Q:	How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	Two, one to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub
	with brightly colored machine tools.

	[Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur.  Ed.]
I tell ya, I was an ugly kid.  I was so ugly that my dad kept the kid's
picture that came with the wallet he bought.
		-- Rodney Dangerfield
Johnny Carson's Definition:
	The smallest interval of time known to man is that which occurs
	in Manhattan between the traffic signal turning green and the
	taxi driver behind you blowing his horn.
...it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the
existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great
systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative
hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
- Sidney Hook
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, "Part of
this complete breakfast".  The way it comes up is, my 5-year-old will be
watching TV cartoon shows in the morning, and they'll show a commercial for
a children's compressed breakfast compound such as "Froot Loops" or "Lucky
Charms", and they always show it sitting on a table next to some actual food
such as eggs, and the announcer always says: "Part of this complete
breakfast".  Don't that really mean, "Adjacent to this complete breakfast",
or "On the same table as this complete breakfast"?  And couldn't they make
essentially the same claim if, instead of Froot Loops, they put a can of
shaving cream there, or a dead bat?

Answer: Yes.
		-- Dave Barry, "Tips for Writer's"
You think Oedipus had a problem -- Adam was Eve's mother.
Chaos is King and Magic is loose in the world.
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry
attacks democracy itself.
		-- William S. Paley, chairman of CBS
I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough
to take it all away.
		-- Barry Goldwater
Enjoy yourself while you're still old.
Photographing a volcano is just about the most miserable thing you can do.
		-- Robert B. Goodman
	[Who has clearly never tried to use a PDP-10.  Ed.]
Confessions may be good for the soul, but they are bad for the reputation.
		-- Lord Thomas Dewar
You must dine in our cafeteria.  You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!
Lawyer's Rule:
	When the law is against you, argue the facts.
	When the facts are against you, argue the law.
	When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.
A bunch of Polish scientists decided to flee their repressive government by
hijacking an airliner and forcing the pilot to fly them to the West.  They
drove to the airport, forced their way on board a large passenger jet, and
found there was no pilot on board.  Terrified, they listened as the sirens
got louder.  Finally, one of the scientists suggested that since he was an
experimentalist, he would try to fly the aircraft.
	He sat down at the controls and tried to figure them out.  The sirens
got louder and louder.  Armed men surrounded the jet.  The would be pilot's
friends cried out, "Please, please take off now!!!  Hurry!!!"
	The experimentalist calmly replied, "Have patience.  I'm just a simple
pole in a complex plane."
Good morning.  This is the telephone company.  Due to repairs, we're
giving you advance notice that your service will be cut off indefinitely
at ten o'clock.  That's two minutes from now.
It is no wonder that people are so horrible when they start life as children.
		-- Kingsley Amis
The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
		-- Don Vonada
There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both plants
and animals.  When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis; and when
the lights go out, they turn into animals.  But then again, don't we all?
No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
		-- Leonard Levinson
"Just the facts, Ma'am"
-- Joe Friday
Plagiarize, plagiarize,
Let no man's work evade your eyes,
Remember why the good Lord made your eyes,
Don't shade your eyes,
But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Only be sure to call it research.
		-- Tom Lehrer
"Gee, Toto, I don't think we are in Kansas anymore."
"They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!"
You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except
incest and folk-dancing.
		-- A. Bax, "Farewell My Youth"
New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his age,
and his wife most often reminds him to act it.
		-- Webster's Unafraid Dictionary
BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-BI-
An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize the president but is
always polite to traffic cops.
"The fundamental purpose animating the Faith of God and His Religion is to
safeguard the interests and promote the unity of the human race, and to foster
the spirit of love and fellowship amongst men. Suffer it not to become a source
of dissension and discord, of hate and enmity."

"Religion is verily the chief instrument for the establishment of order in the
 world and of tranquillity amongst it's peoples...The greater the decline of
 religion, the more grievous the waywardness of the ungodly. This cannot but
 lead in the end to chaos and confusion."
-- Baha'u'llah, a selection from the Baha'i scripture
"I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I snore."
Always store beer in a dark place.
		-- Lazarus Long
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #18: FIFTH

FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types
refer to quantity.  The data types range from CC, OUNCE, SHOT, and
JIGGER to FIFTH (hence the name of the language), LITER, MAGNUM and
BLOTTO.  Commands refer to ingredients such as CHABLIS, CHARDONNAY,
CABERNET, GIN, VERMOUTH, VODKA, SCOTCH, and WHATEVERSAROUND.

The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and
financial status of its users.  Commands in the ELITE dialect include
VSOP and LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH
and RIPPLE. The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers
who end up using this language.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.
Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments.  Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove:
O, no! it is an ever-fixed mark,
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wandering bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
If this be error and upon me proved,
I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
"Those who will be able to conquer software will be able to conquer the
world."
-- Tadahiro Sekimoto, president, NEC Corp.
I married beneath me.  All women do.
		-- Lady Nancy Astor
	The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.  The Gray
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.  Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of
him are dead, he is alive.
	"Now about Lankhmar.  She's been invaded, her walls breached
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and
equipped with all modern weapons.  Yet you can save the city."
	"How?" demanded Fafhrd.
	Ningauble shrugged.  "You're a hero.  You should know."
		-- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"
Enjoy yourself while you're still old.
We're mortal -- which is to say, we're ignorant, stupid, and sinful --
but those are only handicaps.  Our pride is that nevertheless, now and
then, we do our best.  A few times we succeed.  What more dare we ask for?
		-- Ensign Flandry
	"And we heard him exclaim
	 As he started to roam:
	 `I'm a hologram, kids,
	  please don't try this at home!'"
	-- Bob Violence
-- Howie Chaykin's little animated 3-dimensional darling, Bob Violence
MERYL STREEP is my obstetrician!
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE
	Oh, dear, where can the matter be
	When it's converted to energy?
	There is a slight loss of parity.
	Johnny's so long at the fair.
Goda's Truism:
	By the time you get to the point where you can make ends meet,
	somebody moves the ends.
There are a few things that never go out of style, and a feminine woman
is one of them.
		-- Ralston
There's little in taking or giving,
	There's little in water or wine:
This living, this living, this living,
	Was never a project of mine.
Oh, hard is the struggle, and sparse is
	The gain of the one at the top,
For art is a form of catharsis,
	And love is a permanent flop,
And work is the province of cattle,
	And rest's for a clam in a shell,
So I'm thinking of throwing the battle --
	Would you kindly direct me to hell?
		-- Dorothy Parker
When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam: I looked into
the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
		-- Woody Allen
A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
		-- B. Franklin
She ran the gamut of emotions from 'A' to 'B'.
		-- Dorothy Parker, on a Kate Hepburn performance
I hate dying.
		-- Dave Johnson
This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.  Had there been an
actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.
If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry. 
		-- Dave Barry
Be cheerful while you are alive.
		-- Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.
	Grover Cleveland, though constantly at loggerheads with the
Senate, got on better with the House of Representatives.  A popular
story circulating during his presidency concerned the night he was
roused by his wife crying, "Wake up!  I think there are burglars in the
house."
	"No, no, my dear," said the president sleepily, "in the Senate maybe,
but not in the House."
No directory.
Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.
Of all the words of witch's doom
There's none so bad as which and whom.
The man who kills both which and whom
Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
		-- Fletcher Knebel
You will gain money by an immoral action.
God requireth not a uniformity of religion.
- Roger Williams
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
		-- George Bernard Shaw
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
		-- Gandhi
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Let your conscience be your guide.
		-- Pope
"But this one goes to eleven."
-- Nigel Tufnel
divorce, n:
	A change of wife.
	Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.
According to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing
severe marketing anxiety in China.
	The words "Coca-Cola" translate into Chinese as either (depending
on the inflection) "wax-fattened mare" or "bite the wax tadpole".
	Bite the wax tadpole.
	There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?
	The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard
to get a whole column out of it. I'd like to teach the world to bite a wax
tadpole.  Coke -- it's the real wax-fattened mare.  Not bad, but broad
satiric vistas do not open up.
		-- John Carrol, The San Francisco Chronicle
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.  Quit work and play
for once!
WHENEVER ANYBODY SAYS he's struggling to become a human being I have to
laugh because the apes beat him to it by about a million years.  Struggle
to become a parrot or something.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.
You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty spray paint cans
in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.
Most non-Catholics know that the Catholic schools are rendering a greater
service to our nation than the public schools in which subversive textbooks
have been used, in which Communist-minded teachers have taught, and from
whose classrooms Christ and even God Himself are barred.
- from "Our Sunday Visitor", an American-Catholic newspaper, 1949
After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.
	"What terrible way to die."
	"There are no good ways."
		-- Sulu and Kirk, "That Which Survives", stardate unknown
That's life for you, said McDunn.  Someone always waiting for someone who
never comes home.  Always someone loving something more than that thing loves
them.  And after awhile you want to destroy whatever that thing is, so it
can't hurt you no more.
		-- R. Bradbury, "The Fog Horn"
Having wandered helplessly into a blinding snowstorm Sam was greatly
relieved to see a sturdy Saint Bernard dog bounding toward him with
the traditional keg of brandy strapped to his collar.
	"At last," cried Sam, "man's best friend -- and a great big dog, too!"
Today you'll start getting heavy metal radio on your dentures.
If Dr. Seuss Were a Technical Writer.....

Here's an easy game to play.
Here's an easy thing to say:

If a packet hits a pocket on a socket on a port,
And the bus is interrupted as a very last resort,
And the address of the memory makes your floppy disk abort, 
Then the socket packet pocket has an error to report!

If your cursor finds a menu item followed by a dash,
And the double-clicking icon puts your window in the trash, 
And your data is corrupted 'cause the index doesn't hash, 
then your situation's hopeless, and your system's gonna crash!

You can't say this?  What a shame, sir!
We'll find you another game, sir.

If the label on the cable on the table at your house,
Says the network is connected to the button on your mouse, 
But your packets want to tunnel on another protocol,
That's repeatedly rejected by the printer down the hall,
And your screen is all distorted by the side effects of gauss,
So your icons in the window are as wavy as a souse,
Then you may as well reboot and go out with a bang,
'Cause as sure as I'm a poet, the sucker's gonna hang!

When the copy of your floppy's getting sloppy on the disk, 
And the microcode instructions cause unnecessary risc, 
Then you have to flash your memory and you'll want to ram your rom.
Quickly turn off the computer and be sure to tell your mom!

		-- DementDJ@ccip.perkin-elmer.com (DementDJ) [rec.humor.funny]
Mundus vult decipi decipiatur ergo.
		-- Xaviera Hollander
	[The world wants to be cheated, so cheat.]
Adults die young.
Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
		-- The Beach Boys
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they become soggy and hard to
light.

Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal, for they are subtle and
quick to anger.
I'm ANN LANDERS!!  I can SHOPLIFT!!
Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.  He died in Washington, D.C.
"A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's printed on."
- Samuel Goldwyn
"I'm not a god, I was misquoted."
-- Lister, Red Dwarf
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend.  Inside a dog it's too
dark to read.
		-- Groucho Marx
Humor in the Court:
Q: Did you tell your lawyer that your husband had offered you indignities?
A: He didn't offer me nothing; he just said I could have the furniture.
I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.
> : Any porters out there should feel happier knowing that DEC is shipping
> : me an AlphaPC that I intend to try getting linux running on: this will
> : definitely help flush out some of the most flagrant unportable stuff.
> : The Alpha is much more different from the i386 than the 68k stuff is, so
> : it's likely to get most of the stuff fixed.
>
> It's posts like this that almost convince us non-believers that there
> really is a god.
(A follow-up by alovell@kerberos.demon.co.uk, Anthony Lovell, to Linus's
remarks about porting)
You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
		-- Lois Platford
How many weeks are there in a light year?
There you go man,
Keep as cool as you can.
It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave.
Keep on being free!
Begathon, n.:
	A multi-day event on public television, used to raise money so
	you won't have to watch commercials.
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
		-- John Galsworthy
Now, it we had this sort of thing:
  yield -a     for yield to all traffic
  yield -t     for yield to trucks
  yield -f     for yield to people walking (yield foot)
  yield -d t*  for yield on days starting with t
...you'd have a lot of dead people at intersections, and traffic jams you
wouldn't believe...
(Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands.)
Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.
We're fantastically incredibly sorry for all these extremely unreasonable
things we did.  I can only plead that my simple, barely-sentient friend
and myself are underprivileged, deprived and also college students.
		-- Waldo D.R. Dobbs
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write
faster than anybody who can write better.
		-- A.J. Liebling
Phone call for chucky-pooh.
Come live with me, and be my love,
And we will some new pleasures prove
Of golden sands, and crystal brooks,
With silken lines, and silver hooks.
		-- John Donne
Graduate life: It's not just a job.  It's an indenture.
Portable, adj.:
	Survives system reboot.
Q:	How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A:	Five.  One to screw in the lightbulb and four to share the
		experience.  (Actually, Californians don't screw in
		lightbulbs, they screw in hot tubs.)

Q:	How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Three.  One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all
		those Californians trying to share the experience.
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because
he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
- Voltaire
The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning, 
and lo! now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.  
		-- H.D. Thoreau
The temperature of Heaven can be rather accurately computed from available
data.  Our authority is Isaiah 30:26, "Moreover, the light of the Moon
shall be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun shall be sevenfold,
as the light of seven days."  Thus Heaven receives from the Moon as much
radiation as we do from the Sun, and in addition seven times seven (49) times
as much as the Earth does from the Sun, or fifty times in all.  The light we
receive from the Moon is one ten-thousandth of the light we receive from the
Sun, so we can ignore that.  With these data we can compute the temperature
of Heaven.  The radiation falling on Heaven will heat it to the point where
the heat lost by radiation is just equal to the heat received by radiation,
i.e., Heaven loses fifty times as much heat as the Earth by radiation.  Using
the Stefan-Boltzmann law for radiation, (H/E)^4 = 50, where E is the absolute
temperature of the earth (-300K), gives H as 798K (525C).  The exact
temperature of Hell cannot be computed, but it must be less than 444.6C, the
temperature at which brimstone or sulphur changes from a liquid to a gas.
Revelations 21:8 says "But the fearful, and unbelieving ... shall have their
part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone."  A lake of molten
brimstone means that its temperature must be at or below the boiling point,
or 444.6C  (Above this point it would be a vapor, not a lake.)  We have,
then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C.
		-- "Applied Optics", vol. 11, A14, 1972
Whenever Richard Cory went downtown,
	We people on the pavement looked at him:
He was a gentleman from sole to crown,
	Clean-favored, and imperially slim.
And he was always quietly arrayed,
	And he was always human when he talked;
But still he fluttered pulses when he said,
	"Good morning," and he glittered when he walked.
And he was rich -- yes, richer than a king --
	And admirably schooled in every grace:
In fine, we thought that he was everything
	To make us wish that we were in his place.
So on we worked, and waited for the light,
	And went without the meat, and cursed the bread;
And Richard Cory, one calm summer night,
	Went home and put a bullet through his head.
		-- E.A. Robinson, "Richard Cory"
Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.
"I'd love to go out with you, but I've been scheduled for a karma transplant."
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
The challenge of space exploration and particularly of landing men on the moon
represents the greatest challenge which has ever faced the human race.  Even
if there were no clear scientific or other arguments for proceeding with this
task, the whole history of our civilization would still impel men toward the
goal.  In fact, the assembly of the scientific and military with these human
arguments creates such an overwhelming case that in can be ignored only by
those who are blind to the teachings of history, or who wish to suspend the
development of civilization at its moment of greatest opportunity and drama.
- Sir Bernard Lovell, 1962, in "The History of Manned Space Flight"
Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
		-- Martin Mull
Colvard's Logical Premises:
	All probabilities are 50%.
	Either a thing will happen or it won't.

Colvard's Unconscionable Commentary:
	This is especially true when dealing with someone you're attracted to.

Grelb's Commentary:
	Likelihoods, however, are 90% against you.
What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
		-- Aristotle
Straw?  No, too stupid a fad.  I put soot on warts.
It is Texas law that when two trains meet each other at a railroad crossing,
each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed until the other
has gone.
The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge
and guilt.
		-- Elvis Costello
But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than 
frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?  
		-- M. Proust
I know you're in search of yourself, I just haven't seen you anywhere.
You will pass away very quickly.
Garbage In, Gospel Out
Men take only their needs into consideration -- never their abilities.
		-- Napoleon Bonaparte
This must be morning.  I never could get the hang of mornings.
The closest to perfection a person ever comes is when he fills out a job
application form.
		-- Stanley J. Randall
...the prevailing Catholic odor - incense, wax, centuries of mild bleating
from the lips of the flock.
-- Thomas Pynchon, _Gravity's Rainbow_
When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a year.  I
have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire winter with
slightly over half that quantity of beer.
		-- Dave Barry, "Postpetroleum Guzzler"
I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd
listen to it!
		-- Tom Galloway with apologies to Voltaire
Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
		-- G. Blaauw, one of the designers of System 360
Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
		-- Oscar Levant
All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
		-- The Book of Bokonon / Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
The only problem with being a man of leisure is that you can never stop
and take a rest.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
		-- George Gobel
Humans do claim a great deal for that particular emotion (love).
		-- Spock, "The Lights of Zetar", stardate 5725.6
You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
		-- William Blake
So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course
of action.  Here at last was an opportunity to consort with Dirbanu on a
friendly basis -- great Durbanu which, since it had force fields which Earth
could not duplicate, must of necessity have many other things Earth could
use; mighty Durbanu before whom we would kneel in supplication (with purely-
for-defense bombs hidden in our pockets) with lowered heads (making invisible
the knife in our teeth) and ask for crumbs from their table (in order to
extrapolate the location of their kitchens).
		-- Theodore Sturgeon, "The World Well Lost"
On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog.
		-- Cartoon caption
Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.
What we need in this country, instead of Daylight Savings Time, which nobody
really understands anyway, is a new concept called Weekday Morning Time,
whereby at 7 a.m. every weekday we go into a space-launch-style "hold" for
two to three hours, during which it just remains 7 a.m.  This way we could
all wake up via a civilized gradual process of stretching and belching and
scratching, and it would still be only 7 a.m. when we were ready to actually
emerge from bed.
		-- Dave Barry, "$#$%#^%!^%&@%@!"
"Anyone attempting to generate random numbers by deterministic means is, of
course, living in a state of sin."
-- John Von Neumann
Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
		-- Lao Tsu
BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then
carefully print the chaff.
You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.
What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity.  We are all formed
of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that
is the first law of nature.
		-- Voltaire
To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves
up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
		-- Winston Churchill
Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity
and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
		-- D. Gries
Now it's time to say goodbye
To all our company...
M-I-C	(see you next week!)
K-E-Y	(Why?  Because we LIKE you!)
M-O-U-S-E.
sugar daddy, n.:
	A man who can afford to raise cain.
When a woman gives me a present I have always two surprises:
first is the present, and afterward, having to pay for it.
		-- Donnay
QOTD:
	"I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality."
The world is your exercise-book, the pages on which you do your sums.
It is not reality, although you can express reality there if you wish.
You are also free to write nonsense, or lies, or to tear the pages.
		-- Messiah's Handbook : Reminders for the Advanced Soul
To err is human, to moo bovine.
I loved her with a love thirsty and desperate. I felt that we two might commit
some act so atrocious that the world, seeing us, would find it irresistible.
		-- Gene Wolfe, "The Shadow of the Torturer"
The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
		-- L. Zadeh
	Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. does not warrant that the
functions contained in the program will meet your requirements or that
the operation of the program will be uninterrupted or error-free.
	However, Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc. warrants the
diskette(s) on which the program is furnished to be of black color and
square shape under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the
date of purchase.
	NOTE: IN NO EVENT WILL COSMOTRONIC SOFTWARE UNLIMITED OR ITS
DISTRIBUTORS AND THEIR DEALERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
ANY LOST PROFIT, LOST SAVINGS, LOST PATIENCE OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
		-- Horstmann Software Design, the "ChiWriter" user manual
Most people prefer certainty to truth.
If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "Phrases and Philosophies for the Use
		of the Young"
"If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely."
The chains of marriage are so heavy that it takes two to carry them, and
sometimes three.
		-- Alexandre Dumas
If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
		-- Dave Johnson, on dead seagulls
Alex Haley was adopted!
You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property
and services if it is not specifically exempt.  Report property (goods)
and services at their fair market values.  Examples include income from
bartering or swapping transactions, side commissions, kickbacks, rent
paid in services, illegal activities (such as stealing, drugs, etc.),
cash skimming by proprietors and tradesmen, "moonlighting" services,
gambling, prizes and awards.  Not reporting such income can lead to
prosecution for perjury and fraud.
		-- Excerpt from Taxachussetts income tax forms
$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
		-- Lazarus Long, "Time Enough for Love"
Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
A salamander scurries into flame to be destroyed.
Imaginary creatures are trapped in birth on celluloid.
		-- Genesis, "The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway"

I don't know what it's about.  I'm just the drummer.  Ask Peter.
		-- Phil Collins in 1975, when asked about the message behind
		   the previous year's Genesis release, "The Lamb Lies Down
		   on Broadway".
"Joy is wealth and love is the legal tender of the soul."
-- Robert G. Ingersoll
There was an old Indian belief that by making love on the hide of
their favorite animal, one could guarantee the health and prosperity
of the offspring conceived thereupon.  And so it goes that one Indian
couple made love on a buffalo  hide.  Nine months later, they were
blessed with a healthy baby son.  Yet another couple huddled together
on the hide of a deer and they too were blessed with a very healthy
baby son.  But a third couple, whose favorite animal was a hippopotamus,
were blessed with not one, but TWO very healthy baby sons at the conclusion
of the nine month interval.  All of which proves the old theorem that:
The sons of the squaw of the hippopotamus are equal to the sons of
the squaws of the other two hides.
When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see
the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes.  The dog has certain
relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
		-- Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"
American by birth; Texan by the grace of God.
I'm rated PG-34!!
"I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV."
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously
cramp his style.
One Page Principle:
	A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch
	paper cannot be understood.
		-- Mark Ardis
The program isn't debugged until the last user is dead.
Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
		-- Leo Durocher
Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.
		-- Milt Barber
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
		-- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
It is not enough to have great qualities, we should also have the
management of them.
		-- La Rochefoucauld
Steele's Law:
	There exist tasks which cannot be done by more than ten men
	or fewer than one hundred.
He who hesitates is last.
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
		-- Benjamin Disraeli
Your good nature will bring unbounded happiness.
There is is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home.
		-- Ken Olsen (President of Digital Equipment Corporation),
		   Convention of the World Future Society, in Boston, 1977
Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.
Noise proves nothing.  Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles
as if she laid an asteroid.
		-- Mark Twain
Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.
Why are programmers non-productive?
Because their time is wasted in meetings.

Why are programmers rebellious?
Because the management interferes too much.

Why are the programmers resigning one by one?
Because they are burnt out.

Having worked for poor management, they no longer value their jobs.
		-- Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
1925 With a drink so good, 'tis folly to be thirsty
1929 The high sign of refreshment
1929 The pause that refreshes
1930 It had to be good to get where it is
1932 The drink that makes a pause refreshing
1935 The pause that brings friends together
1937 STOP for a pause... GO refreshed
1938 The best friend thirst ever had
1939 Thirst stops here
1942 It's the real thing
1947 Have a Coke
1961 Zing! what a REFRESHING NEW FEELING
1963 Things go better with Coke
1969 Face Uncle Sam with a Coke in your hand
1979 Have a Coke and a smile
1982 Coke is it!
		-- Coca-Cola slogans
Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promply
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all lightbulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.
"It's ten o'clock... Do you know where your AI programs are?"  -- Peter Oakley
If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.
I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
		-- Groucho Marx
Genuine happiness is when a wife sees a double chin on her husband's
old girl friend.
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the men are strong, the women are pretty,
and the children are above-average.
		-- Garrison Keillor
FORTH IF HONK THEN
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.
		-- Errol Flynn

Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
		-- Errol Flynn
I would like to know
What I was fencing in
And what I was fencing out.
		-- Robert Frost
In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to
be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's
beloved.
		-- Russell Baker
Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice... moderation in the pursuit
of justice is no virtue.
		-- Barry Goldwater
Maslow's Maxim:
	If the only tool you have is a hammer, you treat everything like 
	a nail.
Stop me, before I kill again!
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid,
stable business.
		-- John Steinbeck
	[Horse racing *is* a stable business ...]
University, n.:
	Like a software house, except the software's free, and it's usable,
	and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell you how to fix
	it, and ...

	[Okay, okay, I'll leave it in, but I think you're destroying
	 the credibility of the entire fortune program.  Ed.]
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
What's this stuff about people being "released on their own recognizance"?
Aren't we all out on our own recognizance?
WARNING:
	Reading this fortune can affect the dimensionality of your
	mind, change the curvature of your spine, cause the growth
	of hair on your palms, and make a difference in the outcome
	of your favorite war.
God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
Even in the moment of our earliest kiss,
When sighed the straitened bud into the flower,
Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this;
And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred,
To tilt at autumn or defy the frost:
Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did,
I say with them, "What's out tonight is lost."
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all
Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree,
A fairer summer and a later fall
Than in these parts a man is apt to see,
And sunny clusters ripened for the wine:
I tell you this across the blackened vine.
		-- Edna St. Vincent Millay, "Even in the Moment of
		   Our Earliest Kiss", 1931
Yow!  I threw up on my window!
Do not try to solve all life's problems at once -- learn to dread each
day as it comes.
		-- Donald Kaul
During the voyage of life, remember to keep an eye out for a fair wind; batten
down during a storm; hail all passing ships; and fly your colors proudly.
When I met th'POPE back in '58, I scrubbed him with a MILD SOAP or
DETERGENT for 15 minutes.  He seemed to enjoy it ...
She has an alarm clock and a phone that don't ring -- they applaud.
Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
		-- Paul Tillich, German theologian.
Friction is a drag.
character density, n.:
	The number of very weird people in the office.
Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
		-- The Beach Boys
"If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and
 the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it will
 lose that, too."
-- W. Somerset Maugham
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds.  Biochemistry
is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
		-- Mike Adams
Government spending?  I don't know what it's all about.  I don't know
any more about this thing than an economist does, and, God knows, he
doesn't know much.
		-- Will Rogers
The world is coming to an end--save your buffers!
Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and
car keys to teenage boys.
	-- P.J. O'Rourke
HELLO, everybody, I'm a HUMAN!!
Many years ago in a period commonly know as Next Friday Afternoon,
there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he
was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how
completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday....
		-- Walt Kelly
Sacher's Observation:
	Some people grow with responsibility -- others merely swell.
When it is incorrect, it is, at least *authoritatively* incorrect.
-- Hitchiker's Guide To The Galaxy
Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary
Etiquette.  We aren't going to call again!  Now you want these free
lessons or what?
		-- "The Rockford Files"
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.  I'm frightened
of the old ones.
		-- John Cage
"I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital.  On the other
hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out."
"On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], 'Pray, Mr. 
Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers
come out?'  I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas 
that could provoke such a question."
-- Charles Babbage
The following quote is from page 4-27 of the MSCP Basic Disk Functions
Manual which is part of the UDA50 Programmers Doc Kit manuals:

As stated above, the host area of a disk is structured as a vector of
logical blocks.  From a performance viewpoint, however, it is more
appropriate to view the host area as a four dimensional hyper-cube, the
four dimensions being cylinder, group, track, and sector.
. . .
Referring to our hyper-cube analogy, the set of potentially accessible
blocks form a line parallel to the track axis.  This line moves
parallel to the sector axis, wrapping around when it reaches the edge
of the hyper-cube.
Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised)
are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse
at are called software.
		-- Levitating Trains and Kamikaze Genes: Technological
		   Literacy for the 1990's.
Science Fiction, Double Feature.
Frank has built and lost his creature.
Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet.
The servants gone to a distant planet.
Wo, oh, oh, oh.
At the late night, double feature, Picture show.
I want to go, oh, oh, oh.
To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show
Linux!  Guerrilla UNIX Development     Venimus, Vidimus, Dolavimus.
(By mah@ka4ybr.com, Mark A. Horton KA4YBR)
The reward for working hard is more hard work.
Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and stupid to
do your job properly, you have to go, where the very opposite applies with
the judges.
		-- Beyond the Fringe
Sometimes, too long is too long.
- Joe Crowe
CF&C stole it, fair and square.
		-- Tim Hahn
There is an order of things in this universe.
		-- Apollo, "Who Mourns for Adonais?" stardate 3468.1
HEY KIDS!  ANN LANDERS SAYS:
	Be sure it's true, when you say "I love you".  It's a sin to
	tell a lie.  Millions of hearts have been broken, just because
	these words were spoken.
Earth is a beta site.
For thee the wonder-working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
		-- Titus Lucretius Carus
"Security is mostly a superstition.  It does not exist in nature... Life is 
either a daring adventure or nothing."
-- Helen Keller
When a girl can read the handwriting on the wall, she may be in the wrong
rest room.
Dirksen's Three Laws of Politics:
	(1) Get elected.
	(2) Get re-elected.
	(3) Don't get mad, get even.
		-- Sen. Everett Dirksen
"Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago."
-- Bernard Berenson
Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
		-- D.E. Knuth
"They make a desert and call it peace."
		-- Tacitus (55?-120?)
The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
		-- Albertano of Brescia
I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
		-- Chauncey Depew
QOTD:
	"I haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby."
We are MicroSoft.  You will be assimilated.  Resistance is futile.
(Attributed to B.G., Gill Bates)
Who is D.B. Cooper, and where is he now?
Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and without
greatness.  Those who have greatness within them do not go in for politics.
		-- Albert Camus
A CONS is an object which cares.
		-- Bernie Greenberg.
Am I elected yet?
"The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more often."
I've got a very bad feeling about this.
		-- Han Solo
"Be *excellent* to each other."
-- Bill, or Ted, in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure
FORTUNE'S PARTY TIPS		#14

Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to your good
liquor at BYOB parties?  Take along a candle, which you insert and
light after you've opened the bottle.  No one ever expects anything
drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.
"Survey says..."
-- Richard Dawson, weenie, on "Family Feud"
Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
		-- Lazarus Long
IT MAKES ME MAD when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about
a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, "You can't throw
that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish."

Sure they eat fish if that's all you give them!  Man, wise up.
		-- Jack Handley, The New Mexican, 1988.
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize
the competent.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
		-- Benjamin Franklin
hacker, n.:
	A master byter.
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
		-- Henry Adams
AAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!!!
You brute!  Knock before entering a ladies room!
The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an
"airplane-seat" metaphor.  Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while
seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference -- one can
see only a very few things at once.
- Fred Brooks, Jr.
Once you've tried to change the world you find it's a whole bunch easier
to change your mind.
We have found all life forms in the galaxy are capable of superior
development.
		-- Kirk, "The Gamesters of Triskelion", stardate 3211.7
The Martian Canals were clearly the Martian's last ditch effort!
"After one week [visiting Austria] I couldn't wait to go back to the United 
States.  Everything was much more pleasant in the United States, because of
the mentality of being open-minded, always positive.  Everything you want to
do in Europe is just, 'No way.  No one has ever done it.'  They haven't any
more the desire to go out to conquer and achieve -- I realized that I had much
more the American spirit."
-- Arnold Schwarzenegger
Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
		-- Martin Mull
Two percent of zero is almost nothing.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN MEN AND WOMEN:	#17

Shoes:
	 The average man has 4 pairs of footwear: running shoes, dress shoes,
boots, and slippers.  The average woman has shoes 4 layers thick on the floor
of her closet.  Most of them hurt her feet.
 
Making friends:
	 A woman will meet another woman with common interests, do a few things
together, and say something like, "I hope we can be good friends."
	A man will meet another man with common interests, do a few things
together, and say nothing.  After years of interacting with this other man,
sharing hopes and fears that he wouldn't confide in his priest or
psychiatrist, he'll finally let down his guard in a fit of drunken
sentimentality and say something like, "You know, for someone who's such a
jerk, I guess you're OK."
Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.  Politics is about
surviving until Friday afternoon.
		-- Sir Humphrey Appleby
Thou hast seen nothing yet.
		-- Miguel de Cervantes
There is only one way to be happy by means of the heart -- to have none.
		-- Paul Bourget
The assertion that "all men are created equal" was of no practical use
in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the
Declaration not for that, but for future use.
		--  Abraham Lincoln
Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.
That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
		-- Neil Armstrong
Hello.  Jim Rockford's machine, this is Larry Doheny's machine.  Will you
please have your master call my master at his convenience?  Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.
		-- "The Rockford Files"
Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot
talk about after dinner.
		-- Oscar Wilde, "The Picture of Dorian Gray"
QOTD:
	"I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality."
panic: kernel segmentation violation. core dumped		(only kidding)
Freedom of the press is for those who happen to own one.
The bogosity meter just pegged.
Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
		-- Tom Stoppard, "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead"
QOTD:
	"I've got one last thing to say before I go; give me back
	all of my stuff."
A student, in hopes of understanding the Lambda-nature, came to Greenblatt.
As they spoke a Multics system hacker walked by.  "Is it true", asked the
student, "that PL-1 has many of the same data types as Lisp?"  Almost before
the student had finished his question, Greenblatt shouted, "FOO!", and hit
the student with a stick.
CCI Power 6/40: one board, a megabyte of cache, and an attitude...
Besides the device, the box should contain:
	* Eight little rectangular snippets of paper that say "WARNING"
	* A plastic packet containing four 5/17 inch pilfer grommets and two
		club-ended 6/93 inch boxcar prawns.

YOU WILL NEED TO SUPPLY: a matrix wrench and 60,000 feet of tram cable.

IF ANYTHING IS DAMAGED OR MISSING: You IMMEDIATELY should turn to your spouse
and say: "Margaret, you know why this country can't make a car that can get
all the way through the drive-through at Burger King without a major
transmission overhaul?  Because nobody cares, that's why."

WARNING: This is assuming your spouse's name is Margaret.
		-- Dave Barry, "Read This First!"
Dying is easy.  Comedy is difficult.
		-- Actor Edmond Gween, on his deathbed.
"I'd love to go out with you, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door."
Doing gets it done.
Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
		-- D. Gries
This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobozz Magic Co., Ltd.
Your own mileage may vary.
Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.
		-- Aleister Crowley
I just got my PRINCE bumper sticker ... But now I can't remember WHO he is ...
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
The Martian Canals were clearly the Martian's last ditch effort!
I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle.
I said "Hi, what's happenin'?"
He said "Nothin'."
Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm;
As if you just squashed a cop.
		-- Arlo Guthrie, "Motorcycle Song"
It was pity stayed his hand.
"Pity I don't have any more bullets," thought Frito.
-- _Bored_of_the_Rings_, a Harvard Lampoon parody of Tolkein
Well, my daddy left home when I was three,
And he didn't leave much for Ma and me,
Just and old guitar an'a empty bottle of booze.
Now I don't blame him 'cause he ran and hid,
But the meanest thing that he ever did,
Was before he left he went and named me Sue.
...
But I made me a vow to the moon and the stars,
I'd search the honkey tonks and the bars,
And kill the man that give me that awful name.
It was Gatlinburg in mid-July,
I'd just hit town and my throat was dry,
Thought I'd stop and have myself a brew,
At an old saloon on a street of mud,
Sitting at a table, dealing stud,
Sat that dirty (bleep) that named me Sue.
...
Now, I knew that snake was my own sweet Dad,
From a wornout picture that my Mother had,
And I knew that scar on his cheek and his evil eye...
		-- Johnny Cash, "A Boy Named Sue"
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
Mustgo, n.:
	Any item of food that has been sitting in the refrigerator so
	long it has become a science project.
		-- Sniglets, "Rich Hall & Friends"
Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles, called
electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you have been
drinking.  Electrons travel at the speed of light, which in most American
homes is 110 volts per hour.  This is very fast.  In the time it has taken
you to read this sentence so far, an electron could have traveled all the
way from San Francisco to Hackensack, New Jersey, although God alone knows
why it would want to.

The five main kinds of electricity are alternating current, direct current,
lightning, static, and European.  Most American homes have alternating
current, which means that the electricity goes in one direction for a while,
then goes in the other direction.  This prevents harmful electron buildup in
the wires.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Taming of the Screw"
"...and the fully armed nuclear warheads, are, of course, merely a
courtesy detail."
Actresses will happen in the best regulated families.
		-- Addison Mizner and Oliver Herford, "The Entirely
		New Cynic's Calendar", 1905
When license fees are too high,
users do things by hand.
When the management is too intrusive,
users lose their spirit.

Hack for the user's benefit.
Trust them; leave them alone.
A wide-eyed, innocent UNICORN, poised delicately in a MEADOW filled
with LILACS, LOLLIPOPS & small CHILDREN at the HUSH of twilight??
People don't usually make the same mistake twice -- they make it three
times, four time, five times...
It's always darkest just before the lights go out.
		-- Alex Clark
Say!  You've struck a heap of trouble--
Bust in business, lost your wife;
No one cares a cent about you,
You don't care a cent for life;
Hard luck has of hope bereft you,
Health is failing, wish you'd die--
Why, you've still the sunshine left you
And the big blue sky.
		-- R.W. Service
A witty saying proves nothing.
		-- Voltaire
... we must be wary of granting too much power to natural selection
by viewing all basic capacities of our brain as direct adaptations.
I do not doubt that natural selection acted in building our oversized
brains -- and I am equally confident that our brains became large as
an adaptation for definite roles (probably a complex set of interacting
functions).  But these assumptions do not lead to the notion, often
uncritically embraced by strict Darwinians, that all major capacities
of the brain must arise as direct products of natural selection.
		-- S.J. Gould, "The Mismeasure of Man"
10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both
incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by
twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
		-- Rod Serling
Hofstadter's Law:
	It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take
	Hofstadter's Law into account.
He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
And he who knows someone whose friend's wife's brother knows nothing,
	he knows something.  Or something like that.
Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one
mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
- Frederick Brooks Jr., "The Mythical Man Month" 
Documentation:
	Instructions translated from Swedish by Japanese for English
	speaking persons.
Where is John Carson now that we need him?
		-- RLG
Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
		-- M. Horner
Barbara's Rules of Bitter Experience:
	(1) When you empty a drawer for his clothes
	    and a shelf for his toiletries, the relationship ends.
	(2) When you finally buy pretty stationary
	    to continue the correspondence, he stops writing.
Air is water with holes in it.
Law of Procrastination:
	Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has
	the feeling that there is nothing important to do.
The first Rotarian was the first man to call John the Baptist "Jack."
		-- H.L. Mencken
I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person, of
pre-Adamite ancestral descent.  You will understand this when I tell you
that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial atomic
globule.  Consequently, my family pride is something inconceivable.  I
can't help it.  I was born sneering.
		-- Pooh-Bah, "The Mikado"
Adopted kids are such a pain -- you have to teach them how to look like you ...
		-- Gilda Radner
To add insult to injury.
		-- Phaedrus
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier
to do.
While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things,
The fate of empires and the fall of kings;
While quacks of State must each produce his plan,
And even children lisp the Rights of Man;
Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention,
The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
		-- Robert Burns, Address on "The Rights of Woman", 26/10 1792
Theory is gray, but the golden tree of life is green.
		-- Goethe
Once there was a little nerd who loved to read your mail,
And then yank back the i-access times to get hackers off his tail,
And once as he finished reading from the secretary's spool,
He wrote a rude rejection to her boyfriend (how uncool!)
And this as delivermail did work and he ran his backfstat,
He heard an awful crackling like rat fritters in hot fat,
And hard errors brought the system down 'fore he could even shout!
	And the bio bug'll bring yours down too, ef you don't watch out!
And once they was a little flake who'd prowl through the uulog,
And when he went to his blit that night to play at being god,
The ops all heard him holler, and they to the console dashed,
But when they did a ps -ut they found the system crashed!
Oh, the wizards adb'd the dumps and did the system trace,
And worked on the file system 'til the disk head was hot paste,
But all they ever found was this:  "panic: never doubt",
	And the bio bug'll crash your box too, ef you don't watch out!
When the day is done and the moon comes out,
And you hear the printer whining and the rk's seems to count,
When the other desks are empty and their terminals glassy grey,
And the load is only 1.6 and you wonder if it'll stay,
You must mind the file protections and not snoop around,
	Or the bio bug'll getcha and bring the system down!
Nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And we bent our backs as slaves of the night,
Then she lowered her guard and showed me the scars
She got from trying to fight
Saying, oh, you'd better believe it.
[...]
Well nothing that's real is ever for free
And you just have to pay for it sometime.
She said it before, she said it to me,
I suppose she believed there was nothing to see,
But the same old four imaginary walls
She'd built for livin' inside
I said oh, you just can't mean it.
[...]
Well nothing that's forced can ever be right,
If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
That's what she said as she turned out the light,
And she may have been wrong, and she may have been right,
But I woke with the frost, and noticed she'd lost
The veil that covered her eyes,
I said oh, you can leave it.
		-- Al Stewart, "If It Doesn't Come Naturally, Leave It"
I had an errand there: gathering water-lilies,
green leaves and lilies white to please my pretty lady,
the last ere the year's end to keep them from the winter,
to flower by her pretty feet till the snows are melted.

Each year at summer's end I go to find them for her,
in a wide pool, deep and clear, far down Withywindle;
there they open first in spring and there they linger latest.

By that pool long ago I found the River-daughter,
fair young Goldberry sitting in the rushes.
Sweet was her singing then, and her heart was beating!

And that proved well for you--for now I shall no longer
go down deep again along the forest-water,
no while the year is old.  Nor shall I be passing
Old Man Willow's house this side of spring-time,
not till the merry spring, when the River-daughter
dances down the withy-path to bathe in the water.
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
Old Japanese proverb:
	There are two kinds of fools -- those who never climb Mt. Fuji,
	and those who climb it twice.
Sin boldly.
		-- Martin Luther
At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news
to the patients.  The doctor tells the intern "This man in 305 is going to
die in six months.  Go in and tell him."  The intern boldly walks into the
room, over to the man's bedisde and tells him "Seems like you're gonna die!"
The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot.  The doctor
grabs the intern and screams at him, "What!?!? are you some kind of moron?
You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject.  Now this man in
213 has about a week to live.  Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me,
gently!"
	The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily
opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs
his pillow and wishes him a "Good morning!"  "Wonderful day, no?  Say...
guess who's going to die soon!"
My band career ended late in my senior year when John Cooper and I threw my
amplifier out the dormitory window.  We did not act in haste. First we
checked to make sure the amplifier would fit through the frame, using the
belt from my bathrobe to measure, then we picked up the amplifier and backed
up to my bedroom door.  Then we rushed forward, shouting "The WHO!  The
WHO!" and we launched my amplifier perfectly, as though we had been doing it
all our lives, clean through the window and down onto the sidewalk, where a
small but appreciative crowd had gathered.  I would like to be able to say
that this was a symbolic act, an effort on my part to break cleanly away
from one state in my life and move on to another, but the truth is, Cooper
and I really just wanted to find out what it would sound like.  It sounded
OK.
		-- Dave Barry, "The Snake"
Egotist:  A person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.
-- Ambrose Bierce
...difference of opinion is advantageious in religion.  The several sects
perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.  Is uniformity
attainable?  Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the
introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned;
yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
- Thomas Jefferson, "Notes on Virginia"
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
The only people for me are the mad ones -- the ones who are mad to live,
mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time,
the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn
like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
		-- Jack Kerouac, "On the Road"
Stenderup's Law:
	The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.
For my son, Robert, this is proving to be the high-point of his entire life
to date.  He has had his pajamas on for two, maybe three days now.  He has
the sense of joyful independence a 5-year-old child gets when he suddenly
realizes that he could be operating an acetylene torch in the coat closet
and neither parent [because of the flu] would have the strength to object.
He has been foraging for his own food, which means his diet consists
entirely of "food" substances which are advertised only on Saturday-morning
cartoon shows; substances that are the color of jukebox lights and that, for
legal reasons, have their names spelled wrong, as in New Creemy
Chok-'n'-Cheez Lumps o' Froot ("part of this complete breakfast").
		-- Dave Barry, "Molecular Homicide"
"Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway so I don't know why I bother
 to say it, oh God, I'm so depressed.  Here's another of those self-satisfied
 doors.  Life!  Don't talk to me about life."
-- Marvin the Paranoid Android
Flame on!
		-- Johnny Storm
The party adjourned to a hot tub, yes.  Fully clothed, I might add.
		-- IBM employee, testifying in California State Supreme Court
Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.
Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.  Run
with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.  Keep
the company of bums and you will become a bum.  Hang around with rich people
and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
		-- Stanley Walker
Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today.  Two freaks
in a van  [Oh no!!  It's the Copyright Police!!]  Her aura-charred body was
laid to rest after a eulogy by Jackie Collins, fellow member of SAFE [Society
of Asinine Flake Entertainers].  Excerpted from some of his more quotable
comments:

	"Truly a woman of the times.  These times, those times..."
	"A Renaissance woman.  Why in 1432..."
	"A man for all seasons.  Really..."

After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful
it was to "get it together" again, presumably referring to having her now dead
body join her long dead brain.
Virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the yard.
The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time.  The
terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency.
		-- Albert Einstein
I always wake up at the crack of ice.
		-- Joe E. Lewis
Don't smoke the next cigarette.  Repeat.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.
	So we get to my point.  Surely people around here read things that
aren't on the *Officially Sanctioned Cyberpunk Reading List*.  Surely we
don't (any of us) really believe that there is some big, deep political and
philosophical message in all this, do we?  So if this `cyberpunk' thing is
just a term of convenience, how can somebody sell out?  If cyberpunk is just a
word we use to describe a particular style and imagery in sf, how can it be
dead?  Where are the profound statements that the `Movement' is or was trying
to make?
	I think most of us are interested in examining and discussing literary
(and musical) works that possess a certain stylistic excellence and perhaps a
rather extreme perspective; this is what CP is all about, no?  Maybe there 
should be a newsgroup like, say, alt.postmodern or somthing.  Something less
restrictive in scope than alt.cyberpunk.
-- Jeff G. Bone
My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
		-- Crazy Jimmy
Fortune finishes the great quotations, #6

	"But, soft!  What light through yonder window breaks?"
	It's nothing, honey.  Go back to sleep.
In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.  So, I may
as well be me.  Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.
A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
		-- Paul Valery
There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get
any worse.
Many people are unenthusiastic about their work.
Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth but supreme beauty --
a beauty cold and austere, like that of a sculpture, without appeal to any
part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trapping of painting or music,
yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the
greatest art can show.  The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense
of being more than man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is
to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry.
		-- Bertrand Russell
Minicomputer:
	A computer that can be afforded on the budget of a middle-level manager.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
Nachman's Rule:
	When it comes to foreign food, the less authentic the better.
		-- Gerald Nachman
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Pilfering Treasury property is paticularly dangerous: big thieves are
ruthless in punishing little thieves.
		-- Diogenes
Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.
You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements.
		-- Norman Douglas
You speak of courage.  Obviously you do not know the difference between
courage and foolhardiness.  Always it is the brave ones who die, the soldiers.
		-- Kor, the Klingon Commander, "Errand of Mercy",
		   stardate 3201.7
	A hard-luck actor who appeared in one coloossal disaster after another
finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.  Someone pointed out that it's
the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.
An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
		-- Leonard Brandwein
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
		-- Albert Einstein
Iam
not
very
happy
acting
pleased
whenever
prominent
scientists
overmagnify
intellectual
enlightenment
A man may sometimes be forgiven the kiss to which he is not entitled,
but never the kiss he has not the initiative to claim.
Did you hear that Captain Crunch, Sugar Bear, Tony the Tiger, and
Snap, Crackle and Pop were all murdered recently...

Police suspect the work of a cereal killer!
"It could be that Walter's horse has wings" does not imply that there is
any such animal as Walter's horse, only that there could be; but "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" does imply Walter's horse's
existence.  But the conjunction "Walter's horse exists, and it could be
that Walter's horse has wings" still does not imply "Walter's horse is a
thing that could have wings", for perhaps it can only be that Walter's
horse has wings by Walter having a different horse.  Nor does "Walter's
horse is a thing which could have wings" conversely imply "It could be that
Walter's horse has wings"; for it might be that Walter's horse could only
have wings by not being Walter's horse.

I would deny, though, that the formula [Necessarily if some x has property P
then some x has property P] expresses a logical law, since P(x) could stand
for, let us say "x is a better logician than I am", and the statement "It is
necessary that if someone is a better logician than I am then someone is a
better logician than I am" is false because there need not have been any me.
		-- A.N. Prior, "Time and Modality"
Women, deceived by men, want to marry them; it is a kind of revenge
as good as any other.
		-- Philippe De Remi
I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.
sushi, n.:
	When that-which-may-still-be-alive is put on top of rice and
	strapped on with electrical tape.
Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.
Personally, I think my choice in the mostest-superlative-computer wars has to
be the HP-48 series of calculators.  They'll run almost anything.  And if they
can't, while I'll just plug a Linux box into the serial port and load up the
HP-48 VT-100 emulator.
(By jdege@winternet.com, Jeff Dege)
compuberty, n:
	The uncomfortable period of emotional and hormonal changes a
	computer experiences when the operating system is upgraded and
	a sun4 is put online sharing files.
Marriage causes dating problems.
You cannot see the wood for the trees.
		-- John Heywood
The Least Successful Equal Pay Advertisement
	In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish
Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality
legislation.  The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay
enforcement officer.  The advertisement offered different salary scales for
men and women.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"
	WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL:

Firings will continue until morale improves.
